heard his voice I wanted to vomit . I was like a squirrel on crack , no sleep , could n't concentrate , metallic taste in mouth , JAW WENT NUMB ! extremely hard to withdraw from I suffered no major side effects when lowering the drug - just some light headedness that lasted a couple of days . My depression has lifted a lot and the obsessive thinking about my breakup has diminished greatly . I 've gone years and years being depressed , sometimes severe sometimes moderately . I would take time off work to collect . 15 months later I 'd gained 30 lbs , had horrible withdrawal effects each time I tried to come off of it including nausea , dizziness , fatigue , etc I finally had a dr help me wean off 7 months ago and since that time the depression has become worst than ever w/ suicidal thoughts at times , major irritability , lack of concentration , and a major loss of love and vigor for a life has dwindled . No noticeable side effects until dosage was increased from 50 to 100mgs , then I noticed decrease in sex drive and increase in weight gain . Have trouble with memory . Chronic cough , weight gain , no sexual interest . I stopped over analyzing everything . I 'm a stay-at-hme-dad of toddler & infant and am glad that I 'm not depressed with anxiety while raising them , That said , I ca n't wait until I 'm ready to stop , WEIGHT GAIN : 6,7 % The first time I took Zoloft was for depression and explosive anger when I was 19 and it worked like a dream . Felt a bit sluggish , but after a month or so on the 150mg dose , have overcome that side effect . Once body is adjusted , only side affect is rapid weight gain . That went away and then I had terrible problems reaching orgasm . I was experiencing panic attacks and depression that was making me unable to come out of my room because I was to worried about what `` would happen '' . NO LIBIDO , anxiety , s/s of OCD ie biting nails and lips , lightheadedness / dizzy , occasional nausea . BIG TIME BRAIN ZAPS , DRY MOUTH , WEIGHT GAIN , SUICIDE THOUGHTS , LEG AND ARM TINGLING , HAIR LOSS , CHEST PAINS , GAS , YOU NAME IT I FELT ALMOST ALL SIDE EFFECTS . Dialated pupils after a few weeks of taking , to the point of blurred vision . This has subsided after a month or so , Constipation . 1 ) After two to three hours vomit 2 ) Stiff muscles ( Lack of oxygen ? ) Totally horse tranq knocked out for 12hrs within 2hrs of tasking it could n't focus on anything laid down and stayed there all day apart from running to the toilet with diarrhoea a few times . some dizziness , nausea , tiredness . My moods are stable , but I 'm now mildly and continuously depressed because of the two main side effects - lack of libido and bad night sweats . Lack of ability to obtain erection ( before taking , it was almost as if I could just think about something sexual to obtain erection , now my girlfriend and I both need about 10 minutes of heavy passionate kissing to even get horny ( she is also on Zoloft now ) , Ejaculating problems , mainly sexual side effects . Restlessness , anxiety , persistent thoughts of death and suicide . tremor ( especially in hands ) , zombie feeling at too high a dosage , tiredness , lack of energy , numbing . I feel tired a lot in the middle of the day but I always have in the winter anyway ! I thought I could deal with it but after 4 months , I am feeling the exhaustion of not getting full nights ' sleep . To sum it up , Cymbalta is a good medicine to try if nothing else is helping and especially if you have fibro and depression . i experienced all these symptoms after just one 10mg pill and still sufering the side effects two weeks later . If I take the medicine at night I wo n't go to sleep . After being hospitalized , my new doctor put me back on the previous AD which I can honestly say saved my life . Much improvement from the suicidal ideation , dysphoria , depression . I get so irritable and aggressive when I do n't take it . major weight gain that led to high systolic blood pressure . I sweated like crazy , I felt even more depressed than ever , I became anti social and my anxiety worsened . I do n't know if Lexapro helps with depression . All left after a couple of weeks , Erectile disfunction . Brain buzzing within 12 hours of missed dose . Drastic drop in libido , profuse sweating , decreased appetite . Then as time went over the past few months , since no improvement in depression Doctor upped dose to 120mg , I feel more like an emotional zombie . but I was debating suicide at the time . I was shaking , I had tremors , my mind was confused , I had no logic to my scientific mind . Good drug in terms of lack of side effects , specially when compared to other antidepressants , After awhile , the drug just made me numb , I couldnt really feel anything , and there was a desire in me to look for stimulation elsewhere . Episodes of ravenous hunger and loss of appetite . The one thing I did notice is it controlled my ruminating which was a bit of a relief . NO DEPRESSION My knees shake a bit and my dexterity seem a little impacted going down stairs , but it 's worth feeling normal again . The side effects are easily found on the net , so if you are a first timer , be wary of the side effects . The only problems I had with it were when I came off it the first time . Feeling this out of control is scary . I had a very hard time coming off the med . On 225 mg This stuff just numbs me out . Initially , lose of appetite , sweating , dry mouth , constipation . When I get nervous ( which is often ) my body will literally move in coordination with other people 's bodies . severe sleep disturbances , abnormal ejaculation , anorexia . My career was at an all time low ! Sex drive non-existant , headaches , facial muscle tension . I seem to have been born depressed . decreased appetite , fatigue , maybe a little `` foggy '' . I was suprised to read through the comments and no one elses experienced hairloss . I have been off of Effexor for about nine months and I still experience withdrawl effects atleast once a week . When I do n't take it , ( if I miss my dose ) I have difficulty sleeping . I had prior knowledge to know that this was way to fast so I took 6 weeks to taper and still suffered terribly , it was worse than my original condition and symptoms , be very careful stopping this drug too quickly or it can be PURE HELL ! Yes - you may have difficulty sleeping , I take Trazadone but have for years . Hot flashes and restless sleep for the first 4 weeks . poor short-term memory , increased alcohol craving , increased reaction to alcohol / blackouts , vivid dreams , sleep disturbances ( talking in sleep ) , weight gain ( 15+ lbs ) and decreased sex drive . DO NOT TAKE THIS CRAP IT HAS RUINED MY LIFE , CAN NOT DRIVE . the med made me more anxious than before , agitation , sleeplessness . I stopped taking it because I missed having orgasms and was sick of the weight gain and fatigue . slight anxiety increase , night sweats . Even though I tapered down in 1/4 pill increments , the worst withdrawal symptoms happened to me after I completely stopped , Dizziness , headaches , neck pain as well as muscle stiffness throughout the body are main complaints . I would not recommend this drug to anyone , it is not worth the hell you go through , due to the side effects . I was TERRIFIED , felt like I was intoxicated by some horrible drug , they admited me for 5 days , then I quit this drug and started on LAMICTAL which saved my life I now feel content and complete . Emergency Room visit with tachycardia and violent vertigo . Ongoing side effects include nausea ( if I do n't eat something with it ) , sleepiness , and difficulty achieving orgasm . I wake up a lot in the morning with my jaw feeling tired and aching , and it never even occured to me that it may have been because of the Effexor ( until i came upon this site ! ) . The alternative right now would be having the weekly panic attacks again which I am in no mood to continue . since i started taking cymbalta i 've found that no food sounds desirable and i keep waking up in the middle of the night . I have to admit that my anxiety is not as bad and my depression is not as bad . Apathy , memory loss , blurred vision , insomnia , nightmares , sexul dysfunction , shivers and shakes and the list goes on . Exausted too ! Weight gain , increased appetite . I tried Cymbalta at difference dosages and my general impression when I was taking 30mg and later 60mg day was that Cymbalta helped a great deal for my anxiety- I just felt in control again and stupid chores did n't seem like such a big deal anymore . nausea/ weight loss the first month . I have the opposite of the `` weight gain '' problems as I seem to be losing weight now . I wish I could 've afforded to come off gradually , but oh well , what 's done is done . I was hoping it would eventually go away so I continued to take it and after the 6th day of the same intense side effects I finally had to just chunk them in the trash . numb hands and feet during the first 2 weeks , sinus swelling , sligth headaches and nasea . The biggest gift of Zoloft , I 'd say , is that it allows me to *think* ; those of us severely depressed know that , even worse than the dysthymia , is the inability to read printed matter . I have noticed my mood to be lower and more mad lately . Have your blood pressure checked even if like me , you have never had a problem with it you may be in for a nasty surprise ! I only recently acknowledged that I had a severe emotional disorder in my early thirties , Still , even then . painful , extreme , and constant Weight gain . I also felt uncontrollably sleepy for over a week . distrust of all include myself , insomnia , dizziness , lose weigh t , anxiety , panic attack , swoon . my moods changed i did n't care if i ever got out of bed and i was down right miserable ! Constipation . do n't know if my problems were because I was n't depressed ( I was misdiagnosed with depression when my problems were Claritin side effects ) . I 'm dealing with mild nausea but feel the calming affects . feeling really weird on it sevre visual disturbances and extreme weakness . Throat ulcers , ear ache , jittery , nervous , migrane when I missed a dose , dangerous interaction with Incocid suppository ( for pain from tear in disc ) blood in stool , vaginal bleeding . it only somewhat works , i still need to take buspar to help relieve residual anxiety sentences My depression was gone until after about 5 months then the Zoloft just stopped working . I 'd been on Effexor for 2 years with decent depression management , however it exacerbated my anxiety , caused sleeplessness & foggy-headedness . I also had some really strange images while trying to go to sleep last night . It is now back to 112/72 ) Lexapro worked great for my depression after only 2 days . suidical feelings . Then I got lazy and was n't consistent about taking it and whenever I tried to take it again I 'd deal with horrible nausea , so I weaned off . others like insomnia , no libido , and sweats appeared prior , with menopause . Sex is still enjoyable but it 's harder to climax , which is annoying , but I think is getting better with time . I only take it now when I am having a particularly BAD day ( suicidal ) . I ca n't imagine going through the withdrawal again , either , so I think I will run scared from this prescription for a while longer , o I will accept the annoying side affects if cymbalta continues to keep the grim reaper , depression and anxiety , OUT of lifejourney . Itching , which comes and goes . After attempting to wean off of this medicine it feels like you are going to die . have noticed a bit of sexual delay . Im lucky I didnt die b/c I just stopped cold turkey one day and the brain zaps puking and overall feeling you get is like no other . Worked very well with minimal side effects but felt my anxiety was starting to get worse . At dose 75 , I experience moments of bliss , and extreme colors . In a constant fog , inability to concentrate , no libido , memory loss , night sweats and vivid nightmares ( in the first month , stopped eventually ) . I cut off all my hair and took the remaining 40 pills after taking about 10 pills as prescribed so it did not take long for me to get into this semi-suicidal state . : extreme fatigue , night sweats , always too warm , slight jaw clenching , vivid dreams . any I had initially went away after a few weeks but the lack of sex drive is why I had to quit taking it . Having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep already . However , the side effects are awful , but to me it 's worth it because after trying Lexapro , Wellbutrin , and Zoloft , this is the only thing that makes me feel better . Lack of sex drive , weight gain , sleep problems . For me , i noticed within 2 days that the rumination was all but ceased . Yawning every minute or two . Discontinued medication , using Motrin to pre-empt headaches . Very sleepy , would doze off at work at my desk and during meetings . 2nd time on med in 1999 it seemed to not even touch my anxiety / depression . The side effects go away . It gave me horrible nightmares and I kept waking up . lexapro has caused NO mania and has really helped the depression -i no longer want to kill myself everyday . I can not get off this drug but i can not stay on it either , Pure poison ! sleeping a lot , low energy , sometimes hungry sometimes not , jaw grinding quite a bit , feeling ok then really down unexpectedly , sometimes not able to sleep until 4am , not much feeling down below , want to express myself and cry but ca n't , dry mouth sometimes , cigarettes do n't taste as good , alchohol cravings sometimes , zombie like feeling but this improved on taking med at night . HOrrible migraines but i have had migraines since early childhood , This medicine just caused more frequency and higher degree of pain with headaches , Best medicine for depression that i had ever taken and worked instantly . Slight nausea at first - but went away after a few days . I have aches and pains as if I have the flu . Disturbed about the major joint discomfort in my wrists . But when I came off it was the WORST experience I felt like I was in withdrawal from a hardcore drug . On 120 mg 11 months later , depression has lifted and general anxiety has decreased overall , but I feel like I am always 'shaking ' and ' can not breathe ' , and I can not sleep any longer than 3 hours per night . I feel like a junkie . Much better than constant bickering with hubby and occasional temper tantrums where I threw and broke things : ( . I became more tired , cold and weak after about 6 weeks so I had to discontinue . You will end up with a light headed feeling and what I call `` trailers ' meaning that it takes your eyes a second to catch up with your focus . I had terrible panic and anxiety . I had more anxiety attacks , acting out on loved ones . to the point of gaining 40lbs which is also not lovely . I also did n't like the weird feelings when I first started so I took half doses until I got used to them and then moved to the full dose . WORST WITHDRAWAL EVER . No initial side effects except dry mouth which went away after a while ( 4 weeks or so ) . Yes , it did take the anxiety away , but it 's making mashed potatoes out of my brain . I am still having brain zaps here and there , and my anxiety has returned . It made my RLS 4xs worse . Bipolar depression anxiety 95 % erection and 95 % orgasm , Heavy drinking night , 75 % having an erection and 75 % orgasm , Illegal drugs , Speed 85 % erection and 10 % orgasm , Bipolar depression anxiety 95 % erection and 95 % orgasm , Effexor XR 65 % erection 2 % orgasm even when trying for 4 hours plus ! No real bad side effects unless I missed a dose then I 'd cry a lot . Severe insomnia first week , almost constant nausea , migraines , intense panic first couple nights . headache , dizziness , loss of sex drive , insomnia . It Feels like im living in 2 different worlds , my daytime world and dream world . Uncontrolable crying , dark thoughts , exploded at anyone who looked at me wrong , gained 40+ pounds within 4 months . all the time , yet will have trouble falling asleep at night , can nap for half a day no problem . I am now on Wellbutrin ( awesome ) but I am still on effexor and have decreased my dose which makes you feel outside of yourself . When I first started Cymbalta ( 30mg ) I had a major decrease in my appetite and a lot of trouble sleeping . I had a little bit of a problem falling asleep last night . i have tried many times to slowly come off it with no success . Most of these side effects diminished markedly after 2 weeks . I literally screamed at a stranger over a parking spot . It 's not that I am not depressed anymore , I just do n't care . Suffered from sporadic depression / anxiety for over 20 years , and had been in and out of counseling for about 18 years before trying lexapro . Have gained back all of the weight I lost and have a big appetite . Going off this drug was horrible . I also just felt like crap for days . One other thing is dry mouth . Nausea , Insomnia , Loss of appetite , Dizziness , Dry mouth , Increased sweating , Constipation , Abnormal dreams , Weight loss , High blood pressure , Flushing , Abdominal pain , Twitching , Inability to sit still , A rapid heart rate , Fever , sweating , or shivering , Coughing , Extreme confusion , High cholesterol , Hemorrhoids , Liver problems , A decreased sex drive , , My Dr. tried every medication and nothing worked , until he put me on Effexor XR . I did n't care about anything . Yawning at first , no appetite , fatigue , no sex drive . I guess I can say that there are times my blood pressure increases . I 've found that the side effects are tolerable in exchange for the remarkably stable feeling I have and the absence of any depression or suicidal thoughts . I feel less needy and fearful of abandonment . I could n't sleep at night but all I wanted to do during the day was sleep , I had no appetite . Insomnia for the first few days . Decreased sex drive . About 3 months ago , I began to have symptoms- not so much depression but of mood swings , severe irratibility & anger . The Lexapro alone actually seemed to increase my desire to just do nothing and want to be left alone . Anxiousness and anger . Loss of sex drive , manic episodes , trouble sleeping . Getting off this DRUG is a living hell . Constipation ( 1200 mg calcium gel caps is a remedy ) , the first day I experience , d 1 or 2 hrs of nausea first day only , dizziness has been eliminated by taking the 60 mgs at night ! some sleepiness . Some people have mentioned that this medicine does n't work for mild depression , just major or suicidal depressives , I disagree . The side effects were like living a second version of my personal hell . Loss of appetite , weight loss , a bit of a headache about an hour after taking it . Dizziness , nausea , headache , buzzing noise in head . Lost weight at first . I am a low risk person ( no smoking , low weight , am on birth control ) but I definately believe that my PEs were a result of the rapid decline in Cymbalta . I AM WEENING MYSELF OFF NOW AND IT IS HELL I HAD TO QUIT MY JOB AND I HOPE TO GET THIS CRAP OUT OF MY SYSTEM , BEWARE ! Jaw clenching , insomnia , excessive yawning , tiredness & nausea if not taken with food . Further , I suffer from PMS and Prozac was highly effective for relieving those symptoms . First few weeks : fatigue , dry mouth , jaw clenching , night sweats , always feeling too warm , vivid dreams , What 's still with me today ? Had to have me b/f pick me up and take me to ER . After 3 days stopping 100 mg a day , I should not have been behind the wheel . My weight at 140 lbs made me sad . My pain increased tremendously and I was a basket case emotionally with crying , etc I had to go back on the Effexor and make an appointment with my prescriber to find something to cover me for when I have the myelogram . very sleepy the first week and the first week of increased dose . I have goten much calmer and was able to to face day to day problems without huge anxiety and stress , So overall . At first my anxiety increased for the first week or so , but 0.25mg Xanax controlled that . agitation ; hostility ; suicidial thoughts ; increased pain ; increased depression ; muscle spasams in legs and feet ; dry eye ; increased blood pressure ; heart palpitations ; increased anxiety , etc Switched to Cymbalta because of claims that it helps with pain . HOW TO QUIT THIS DRUG : Buy an over-the-counter sinus headache medicine for the zaps , and take very high doses of Omega-3s , Also , attempt to take a low dose of a drug such as Zoloft if you are able . I used to describe it as if vague , kind of abstracted strings were pulling me and everyone else around me in accordance with eachother . Although suffering from depression for most of my adult life . I do not feel any better , I still have anxiety , severe foul mood s , complete negative outlook on life . I did n't really feel many benefits for my depression though . weight gain , takes much longer to climax . I could sleep two days straight and still feel tired . pupils were hugely enlarged , clenching my jaw alot , suffering alot of dreaming i never use to . I still feel , my emotions are not numb ( thank God ) , but I no longer internalize , and foster negative feelings . Decreased libido and insomnia . It was brilliant for 2 weeks , except for some queasiness . then i was given 60 mg and i have been taking that for about 3 weeks now and i have highs and lows all the time . Now I am trying to get off of the meds ( pretty rough ) to alleviate the negative side effects and return to a more natural state . definatly get real nausious . The withdrawal is AWFUL ! The first year was great , other than a decreased sex drive . Upset stomach and no appetite . Withdrawal symptoms always happened within 24 hours of missed dose . Also , my feeling of being able to trust others improved ( guess I had mild paranoia that I didnt know I had ) . Duno but i need my brain back ! Also , spells of dizziness not associated with a change in position ( randomly while sitting down or walking , not just upon standing up ) . I would not reccommend this drug to anyone with anxiety issues , as it was not a very big help . Night terrors , Vivid dreams , Nightmares . Nightmares , Dizziness , Dry Mouth , Suicide thoughts , Hot flushes , Addictive . fatigue , irritability , lack of appetite ( without weight loss ) . The last 4 days I have sleep 8-10 hours and then wanted to lay in bed another 4 ) I ca n't take the side effects and go to work . The initial side effects are terrifying but thankfully past experience told me to Fainting , nervousness , nausea , insomnia , sweating . I felt like a drug addict that could not function without the medication . I eat so much less than I used to , and still ca n't seem to lose the weight I gained while on Lexapro . I was unable to sleep , had blurred vision , and felt sick to my stomach . i suffer from upset stomach , headache ( always over my lft eye ) terrible highs and lows and hot flashes . When I whent fron efexor xr 75 to 150 inmeditely i start feeling very warm in the stomag and sleppless in about three weeks after I en up in the emmergency room with 57 of hemoglobin concentration out of 135 they have to give me 4 bags of blood and I stayed there for three days , during those days I did not take the efexor but on the fourth day when I came out of the hospital I was feeling very dizzy so I took the efexor again with food in the morning and later I eat two kiwis and I felt so much pain in the ulcer caused by efexor that I had to drink a lot of milk to calm down the horrible pain . I have also had night sweats on a few occasions . So mostly the weight issue is a big deal . Side effects were sleepiness and excessive sweating . About four hours after my dose it 's like I went downhill , my head got very heavy , and that was the foggy state . I do n't know if it is related but I lost my job because of it . The worst AD withdrawals I have ever experienced and I 've tried heaps . Was on this for several years , had back surgery and wanted to quit Effexor because I was no longer depressed or in pain . Side effects included : First month or so : going back and forth from being quite and calm to being extremaly anxious without a reason especially about two hours after taking the doze , Very vivid , weird dreams , occasional nightmares every night for about 2 months . then I lost it , The hospital told my husband I was functioning at 28 % consciousness , I wrote all over my body , talked to the walls , cried HARD , and screamed `` dont touch me ! '' I feel like I want to go run or jump up and down or something to get rid of this excess energy . When all is said and done , and after taking so many other AD 's that have really messed me up , this is by far the best , with the least amount of side effects . Brain zaps ; grinding my teeth ; night sweats ; constant shaking of my hands and limbs ; not being able to stop my Head going into tremours ; insomnia ; constant fatigue ; headaches ; hair falling out ; forgetfulness ; sore jaw etc - you name it I got them all badly ! The sweating is really bad , but i 've found a great solution - aerosol deoderant ! Shortly after taking this medication I would get severe stomach cramps that would last a few minutes . I experience some drowsiness so I take it at night . After eight weeks of the above I sincerely doubt that anybody taking lexapro can know which way is up , much less notice a decrease in depression . I had 2 nights where I just could n't sleep , was slightly nautious and my pupils were MASSIVE ! If not for the numbness this would be a great drug . Sweating for the first 7-8 months was AWFUL . I dont have fits of rage anymore , I am calm when things happen and that way I deal with them better . I have never had more interesting dreams than those I had on Lexipro . For the first two weeks I was very nauseous . I had headaches the first few days but those have already gone away . I have a subtle ringing in my ears . I have not been able to work , take care of my husband or daughter , take care of my house or even make meals on a consistent basis for the past 5 weeks while I am trying to get off of this med . weight gain mostly and i think my dose is too high , when i was first put on it it was just 75mg and i have gradually increased it to 300mg sometimes - now i think this high dose has caused me to have an excessive appetitte . -later they found out i was bipolar so this could be the reason for the adverse reactions . At no point would I have taken this drug if I had known that I would miss vital days of my final year at school , lose the respect of my employer , and loose my friends as a result of withdrawing from it after a very short period . Weight gain ( 20lbs ) , no sexual feelings at all , inability to reach orgasm , terrible night sweats , tremor in hands , headaches , feeling of , At first , I di n't realize all of these side effects were related to Zoloft . I also think Lexapro and alcohol were a bad mix for me . It helped my depression tremendously , but sexual side effects are severe in my case . I ran out of it for 4 days , and experienced lightheadedness and a crying spell until I took it again . Helped with depression after postpartum but I am considering trying to stop due to severe night sweats & cost of Lexapro . dry mouth , insomnia , anxiety . After a few months , I started to notice it was making me become somewhat bipolar - on it , I was annoyingly happy and jumpy , but after two hours of taking it , I felt the same , and after two more hours , I was extremely depressed . Can get very turned on but just no release ! I HAVE NEVER felt so awful as I do today . do not wean off effexor too soon as i had one very bad day and experienced mild halloucinations Lack of motivation . Racing heart , severe anxiety , panic , nausea , speeded-up metabolism . nausea , headache . Blurred vision , diarrhoea , nausea , heart burn , hyper / wired can stay awake for 48hr s so have to take a sedative to sleep , insomnia , brain zaps / waves like vertigo but whilst sitting , speech problems and speech block , memory loss , suicidal thoughts with one attempt , dry mouth , involuntary movements like jerking . slight weight gain . A little concerned that loss of control with appetite will cause weight gain that will depress me , Also , brain fog may be clearing a bit . had to pee every five minutes all night . She has depression and has tried many meds . Decreased appetite , which is rather nice . It increases the effect of alcohol and caffeine so I have to be careful with those . I went on Cymbalta for my Depression / Fibromyalgia . Just DO N'T miss a dose . Inability to gain an erection without significant physical stimulation from partner ; even then , orgasm was infrequent . Too bad about sex , alcohol and tobacco , I enjoyed them all , but Effexor has really helped me . I checked myself into the ER 3x in one week certain that I was dying . That subsided around 10am , That 's when I noticed how much of a space cadet I was feeling . But more alarming was the sensation of pressure behind my eyes -like they were going to pop out ! I found taking it at breakfast reduced nausea . some weight gain . Typical with effexor XR- Dizzy , jaw tight , teeth grinding . I can barely walk up a couple of stairs without a deep burning and fatigue within my muscles . Took Fri afternoon , nauseous and dizzy immediately , spaced out , went to bed for 2 hrs , got up , could n't even make dinner , stumbling/spacey . Clenching my jaw has gotten worse since I 've been on it . heart palpitations , chronic constipation , legs weak and heavy , trembling , crying jags , irritability , once or twice a `` rage '' reaction , very low self esteem , feeling unsafe and insecure , unhappy and scared . The first few days were like a fog . Gained 20lbs in 4 months . Inability to Ejaculate during sex . Vivid dreams , night sweats , extreme lethargy , decreased interest in sex , feeling emotionless , nausea . Even though I gained weight and had no sex drive I did n't much care about it . Now I do n't wake up until morning but I am soaked with sweat . Not sleeping for over 48 hours , heart palpitations , ending up in hospital in a manic state . I did get permission to cut the dose to 60 mg 1x a day , but it has been pure hell going down as I have a whole set of new side effects . There was no improvement in the level of my anxiety , depression , or OCD . 10mgs daily Lexapro has helped my anxiety and has chilled me out . ( I used to consider myself a `` mini manic depressive `` . ) I have only been on 30mg for 4 days and have the extreme runs . Headaches , mood swings , grinding teeth , feeling low , loss of concentration , anger , suicidal and omicidal thoughts . It made me feel so much better and completely stopped the anxiety and panic attacks . Wild , life-like/real dreams ; definitely CAN NOT skip a dose ( wicked headache and dizziness ) . I would never have guessed withdrawal would be so terrible . But it works great for my depression I am blaming the 40 lbs gained in a year on the meds because I was active and watched my diet . Some libido decrease . My only worry is about weight gain . One P doc has told me this may be because I had Dysthmia and SAD . Suicidal thoughts and attempts , Dreadful withdrawal-nearly ruined my life and continues to be a huge problem . Night sweats which I still get occasionally as well as very vivid dreams . Compared to previous medication I was taking , Lexapro did in fact take away my physical pain I was suffering , but has caused so much more in emotional pain . Now that I 've been on it for a while , I get random tics when at rest that are n't severe enough to really bother me . depression got a lot worse after just being on it for just 3 days . I noticed a major improvement in my depression after 2 weeks . Possibly tiredness / sleepiness ( though I 've felt that way long before starting Cymbalta ) . I no longer cry everyday and think of suicide everyday . Insomnia was horrid the first 2-3 days , not sleeping but 2-3 hours each night . Reduced cognition , fatigue , addiction . If you think giving a depressed woman who has never had a weight problem , an extra 30 lbs to carry around is a good idea you would be mistaken . Doc put me on something for that and it worked during the day but I wake up nightly with soaked clothes . that was ok for about 3 days then i started having constant panic/anxiety , as well as crying a lot at innappropriate times . The withdrawls are devestating . I took myself off this drug and started a strict regimen of exercise and improved my diet which did wonders for my depression and anxiety . I also have a lack of motivation . Cymbalta made my nervousness and depression worse ! Decrease in Libido . I can get so depressed right before my period that I would be downright suicidal , cry uncontrollably , have passive aggressive tendencies , and that is gone . dry mouth , shaky , gas and bloating , upper back ache especially at night , clammy feeling , headache , nervousness . I think due to the fact the zoloft has numbed any feeling of guilt of what I 'm eating . Now my anxiety is up but my depression is decreasing . I have been dizzy and now as I progress into withdrawal , I am becoming more agitated , negative and morose . Originally I was prescribed Zoloft for depression & anxiety attacks and was given 50mg dose from the start . The risks/side effects are not worth the inital relief . WEIGHT GAIN ! , WEIGHT GAIN ! , AND WEIGHT GAIN . auditory hallucinations everyday ! jittery , ca n't sleep , no sex drive . But skipping a dose is BAD . Loss of appetite . I feel like I 've been chemically neutered . Slightly delayed orgasm and some strange dreams . always tired but can not sleep at night , i wake up every hour . Initially had some sexual problems , but remedied that by taking it at night before bed ( and after sexual activity ) so that the level of the drug would be at its lowest point in the evenings . just shrug my shoulders as my living room curtains caught fire from melted heater wire that sparked . Mild itching and headaches . Still have mild depression . This drug has ruined mine and my partners life , as soon as she got past the withdrawal symtoms Excessive sweating , nervousness , sick stomach , zombie-like feeling , tiredness , etc . can be dangerous to those who are manic depressive . Since taking Effexor , my life has been miserable , Ca n't sleep when I want to , ca n't stay awake when I want to , lethargic , dizzy , blurred vision , extreme fatigue , extreme increase in appetite . Withdrawal ( if w/o for more than 3 days ) . Never have I had such side effects , nor have I ever felt as `` drugged '' as I did on Cymbalta : nervous and speeding . Side effects were terrible . I lost weight considerably and shook all the time . I often contemplate suicide Not sure whether I 'll overcome that . My fatigue and down time is still present , no suicide thoughts but just NO enjoyment in anything . the side effects are less common and some totally gone already . The side effects were severe , but diminished as time passed , and have become tolerable within 2-3 months . Weight gain ( 20 pounds in 6 months ) adverse sexual side effect , loopy when trying to come off of it , threw up many times a week within an hour of taking med . Overall not too bad comparing to LEXAPRO and previous paranoid state of mind . ( of course , the problems i was having were causing those anyways ) Now no side effects , occasonal headaches , and jitters , but mostly I feel much much better . These shocks radiated from my forehead , to my teeth , and then the rest of the way down my body . When I first starting retaking it , I had no appetite for about 2 months , but that went away . Withdraw symptoms of drug lasted 3 weeks and included Nausea , jolts of dizziness which included when i moved my eyes from side to side or looked at close things then afar . Constapation , vivid dreams . My doctor has prescribed a very low dose of Seroquel ( off-label ) to help the anxiety , but I have n't taken it . Without it I would still be counting every single footstep and rechecking EVERYTHING in my apartment . suicidal thoughts , mood swings , difficulty to concentrate . have to take sleeping pills with it . I barely remember the last 3.5 months . I 've gotten used to the side effects , and am sticking with it . My head was in an unbelievable fog . My outlook is depressing . caused muscle tension - especially painful jaw clenching - took myself off . Dosed at 35 to start , have built up to 225 ) I started out taking Xanax to battle my insominia , but it did n't do much . I was tired , and felt extra exhausted all the time . The side effects I have experienced when MISSING a dose or more are : jittery-ness , dizziness and vertigo , nausea , swells in mood , overall awful feeling . This has done wonders for my extreme sensitivity and irritability . tired , thirsty , , wasnt helpful I guess that 's always better than feeling suicidal , right ? By the next morning , I would barely be able to get out of bed , had dizziness , brain zaps , nausea , headaches , excessive sweating /urination that often lead to dehydration , etc . THE ONLY SIDE EFFECTS I EXPERIENCED WAS PROBLEMS REACHING ORGASM . major nausea and vomiting the first week and a half for me , extreme dizziness . Even with all this I function normally & I am self employed , which is extremely stressful . after a while though 150 started to lose its effectiveness and subsequently i got moved up to 225 ) now i feel like an emotional wall . no desire to have sex , can not orgasim , currently hurts to have sex . I took Lexapro together with Wellbutrin to `` correct '' concurrent depression and anxiety . Gradually over 3 hrs the heavy dark shroud of miserable depression began to fall away . Worse trying to go off it , so I 'm still on it . It is suppose to be not addictive but it has all the side effects of an addictive drug . sweating , severe tremors , chest pain , Withdrawl side effects : brain flashes , emotional , irrational , aggressive , angry , diahhorea , stomach cramps , vomiting , unable to relax or sleep- these got better after about 2 weeks , but still hanging around . med helped for a while , but I gained about 30lbs in the midsection . felt physically ill during the first 3 weeks at 60 mg on this med . This medication caused a horrible dopamine imbalance , which current medicine can , but WILL NOT TREAT . Reduced libido , some difficulty with ejaculation . napping many times a day for extended periods , night sweating . tiredness , increase in alcohol abuse/depenence ( not near as bad as paxil ) , slightly decreased sexual desire ( again not nearly as bad as paxil ) , somewhat decrease in energy , occasional euphoria . Heavy sedation , Jaw Clenching , Inability to organism . Also I had a very slow metab . i have great social anxiety again , lots of self-doubt , have not felt joy in a very long time . I have been tapering from 60 mg per day , to 40 , and now to 20 ) I feel dizzy whether I take it or not . Also helped me gain over 40 lbs that wo n't come off no matter what I do . I was n't able to sleep at night because I always felt like I was going crazy . The first 6 weeks there was a lot of running to the bathroom . Greatly improved my depression in a month or so after fluoxetine only gave a slight improvement . had Insomnia so i took benadryl . I am afraid of withdrawl . I was actually able to overcome a long-standing fear of flying . long term side fx at 150 mg have been a lowered libido and some chronic muscle pain . or not being able to get out of bed because facing the depression and feelings your having is to much of a load on your heart/mind to bother . It made me so mentally ill I almost ended up in a psych ward . I have a feeling of wellness and contentment ; no anxiety attacks , no weight gain , no night sweats - i just feel like my old self - optimistic and upbeat . When I have gone off the medication , the depression and anxiety is so awful . A whole weekend went by and I did n't know where I was or what time or day it was . I would like to get off but the withdrawl symptoms stop me . I dont know if I should stay on this or not , i 'm only on 25mg for 6 days so far but i cant take much more of this afternoon anxiety . Gave me my life back after completely breaking down six months ago . head fog . May increase dosage again , but I 'm concerned about the wooziness . Do n't like that feeling of not caring about anything , though , good or bad . At 20 mg , depression was completely under control , but had weight gain and mild insomnia , o Withdrawing from this drug has been a nightmare . I was having painful , debilitating brain zaps , several per second , and though they gradually lessened , they lasted for months after I quit taking the drug . I had extreme anger and road rage . For me , this medication manages my depression if I take it at a low dose . I took one dose of this med and was lucky to be able to drive home from work . i 've not even been taking it for a week but i dont know if i can deal with the side effects . I had to d/c my meds a few days before a neck myelogram and had a very bad reaction to the lack of Effexor in my system . Digestive tract discomfort which has lead to a flare up of IBS . I am still on 25mg of Zoloft b/c it is IMPOSSIBLE to come off of . I missed a couple once and the side effects are the worst I have ever encountered from my many medications I have taken over the course of 30 years with this disorder . Depression also runs in my family , my grandmother ,84 , Has finally taken anti depressants . No nausea / dizziness like I experienced yesterday and the 7 days prior . On 90 mg I had sweating at night so that my clothes are drenched , somtimes multiple times at night . In the beginning I felt rather numb not happier . At one point I was certain that I was having heart failure , because my entire body seized up and I could not move or speak . With 300 mg , insomnia . The withdrawals were not pretty . nausea at first and clenching teeth , if i am a couple of hours late taking a dose i feel terrible , sick , faint , shakey , really awful . Total loss of libido , horrific nightmares , insomnia , weight fluctuations , irritability / angry all the time . Brain zaps constantly , the shakes , sweating , nightmares , anxiety , muscle spasms , and crying spells , Do n't take effexor its not worth the risk of a horrible withdrawal . i started on 75mg and made my way up to 150 ) i may have gone too fast though becuase i got numb in my face and hands with tingles that sometimes would move up my arms and shoulders . increased anxiety during the afternoon which i dread . Had a massive marriage breakdown 3 years ago and my illness was untreated until . I had intense headaches for the first 3 days of taking Cymbalta , but then the depression `` fog '' cleared and I felt much less weighed down by my thoughts . withdrawl is really tough , but past that , it 's a good drug . Very disconcerting and unpleasant ! unable to have orgasm , loss of all emotion , insomnia , forgetfulness , loss of appetite which I do n't need . Initially - zombie like feeling , no emotions , intense yawning ; Ongoing - extreme fatigue , ZERO sex drive , chills ( that is feeling like someone is walking over my grave . It seemed to stop severe depression and helped my mood enough so that with counselling and support I could eventually get on with my life . One of the side effects is Alopecia . Dilated pupils , sleepiness , dizziness first few days , inability to cry , anxiety . After 3 days my tongue was triple in size and a dark maroon color vivid dreams weird and wild , sores on tongue , no crying , head aches were gone . Nausea , weight loss in beginning . Increased anxiety , SERIOUS constipation ( for which even laxatives and epsom salts barely helped ) and stomach cramping , my stomach hurt all the time , disturbed sleep and trouble falling asleep , fatigue , headaches . Before being prescribed Zoloft I was very depressed and suicidal . If I do not take this drug , I become severely , despondent . I sometimes supplement with Lexapro 20mg if my depression or anxiety increases for more than a couple of weeks . And I gained 24 pounds , have no sexual desire and still have moody days . So I finally made to decision to start it and hope for the best and it seems like not too many side effects are going to get me . No urge to return to my old habits despite my unbelievable stress level . Also , affects sleep patterns , I 'm exhausted earlier , but ca n't sleep well . I was suicidal before I started taking it . But I am so tired , all I want to do with my spare time is sleep and Now I am suffering severe anxiety daily as never before that I try to treat with Clonozpam . Headaches , fitful sleeping and takes a while to get going in the morning . Overall does help my depression . night sweats , insomnia but when I did fall asleep vivid dreams , teeth clenching , decreased motivation , irratibility . Sweating at night . nothing was funny and nothing made me too upset either . Difficulty obtaining orgasim . Side effects also getting better . Despite the many side effects I love this drug . I am waking up every night absolutely soaked in sweat ( I can wring out my t-shirt and have drops of sweat coming out ) . Not a good suggestion for depression . My depression is at an all-time low and my anxiety getting better . I must say that i felt the happiest i had ever felt in my life except for the extreme migraines , Due to the frequency of the migraines i discontinued cymbalta , wish i could go back on it . I do n't cry as much which is a bonus but I do feel like crying at times during the day and I really hoped to be feeling much much better at the 11 week stage . I love the effects of this med , except that now I am noticing weight gain ( 7lbs in last 2 mo . ) The med was okay until side effects had negative impacts and it was extremely difficult to get off of . Weight gain , hair loss , headaches , insomnia . Went back into severe depression . Overall stoned feeling , tingly sensation s , confused , could not stop crying , dizzy and disoriented . I was completely depleted of all energy . It has been powerful at curing anxiety , depression and mental clutter . no sex drive , weight gain , o Vivid dreams / nightmares . I swear the drug makes me very , very hungry . I think Cymbalta has made me extremely angry at everyone and has made my obsessive thoughts worse ! ALmost shakey , or tremors , but they are `` below the surface '' rather than something visible . It 's like not having emotions at all . I was put on Zoloft for severe depression . Slight nausea after taking the pill but nothing noticable after that . Before taking effexor I had severe depression & anxiety . Within a few days of starting lexapro oh my god the dreams are vivid , intense , long , and complex ! I could not function . I felt uncomfortable in my own body for weeks , but not enough to quit . When I went off of it , it was because I had become so angry and irritable I could n't be around anyone because I would become violent at nothing . dry mouth ( first couple days ) , tremors ( spasms ) , sleeping more , loss of energy , sweating , lost interest in sex because had trouble climaxing . After a few weeks on Zoloft it was amazing to me the way I felt ( that is , not constantly depressed ) . I was given samples today and took one dose before coming to this site , where I learned that insomnia and decreased libido are serious side effects for many people ; these are already major , major issues for me , By now , the first feelings of `` tightness '' in my head , dry mouth , and a little bit of jitters have begun . Since anxiety was the main issue this time , I did n't push for the Prozac . The ' broken sleep ' however is frustrating . After 2 weeks I had terrible acid reflux which I NEVER had before , constipation , stomach ache 24/7 , then rectal bleeding which scared the heck out of me . I 'm sorry this is more about not taking it than about side effects of taking it . I sleep at night , no nightmares and my dreams are , REALLY VIVID as I am a VISUAL ARTIST . I really wanted this to work and I do think it mellowed me out a bit , I was n't so on edge , so jumpy and moody and irritable . I have developed an ulcer given the medication is very hard on your stomach and recently had my eyes checked and now I have developed glaucoma ( another lovely side effect of this drug ) Never did get my sex drive back . The main side effect was being light headed , like a permanent head rush , Again . While motivation rose , I found myself too tired to do anything . The fatigue and sleepiness is a pain , but am willing to put up with it as it beats not being able to get out of bed . I was only on 20MG and it worked mentally but to this day , my gastro-intestinal system is screwed up . I would rather be depressed than feel like this-at least depression is predictable and I know it will end . I am the biggest I have ever been . The side effects got stronger and stronger as I felt brain fog , chronic fatigue and all those other side effects I mentioned on a daily basis . After the two weeks the neuropathy pain subsided and had a loss of appetite which was a good thing for me . I did that twice for a couple of days and ended up in the ER with nausea , pain all over my body and DEEP depression . Initial weight gain , but have since lost it . During the first few months of taking Cymbalta ( 30 mg ) I used to wake up at least 2X during the night to change pajamas & sheets/bedding due to intense sweating & was losing lots of sleep . The nausea subsided but still suffer from the fatigue and horrible night sweats . I liked the feeling I had while taking it , but what made me quit was the sexual side effect s and a 15 pound weight gain in 3 months . AT ALL , nausea , weight gain , throat pain and exhaustion . A week after the commencement of my treatment I took a razor blade and cut my wrists . After taking this medication 2.5mg for 2 days my feelings of shock and depression are subsiding and I am feeling better . GI Distress , Headaches at base of skull , Lethargy , Blurred Vision , Sleep Disturbances ( nightmares ) , anxiety . Horrible headaches , brain `` swishes '' or `` zapping '' when I was even a few hours late for a dose , constipation , horrible crying spells when going through withdrawal . I take it at night and any time I miss a dose , I tend to have very vivid dreams and night sweats . My heart was racing , skin tingling , and even oddly numb . Freaky dreams for a few months after starting it . Other than an initial difficulty reaching orgasm I 've had no problems achieving orgasm after the first 4-6 weeks of being on Lexapro . I have to take a nap every day . Inability to focus /concentrate , I also found myself making a bizarre sucking motion with my mouth-possibly from the dryness ? I lost weight and felt great . Other than that it has helped enormounsly with my depression . so far just tight neck and head muscles . vivid dreams , clenching of the jaw , dry mouth , night sweats , interupted sleep , needing the toilet in the night , insomnia , weight gain , craving carbs , binge eating , weak joints , muscle tiredness , emotional numbness - feeling of not caring about anything or anyone , loss of labido , itching , excessive yawning and tiredness , short attention span . I had chest pain , heart palpitations , vomiting , headache , rage , mood swings , and more . I was hitting caffeine everyday on this med Made me extremely tired especially more while weaning off lexapro with the combination of the two drugs . This stomach discomfort has faded about 75 % , as my body acclimates to the drug . At no point was I warned that my personality would change and I would loose my social network . i not fixated on stupid things that dont really matter , just got over battle with kidney cancer , ok now and loving life , people , dont sweat the little things in life that we dont have any control over , your just waisting brain cells . If I let myself get hungry , then I get nauseated . Nausea , vertigo and extreme fatigue to begin with ( first week or so ) . I felt like as if i am watching my life from outside , unbearable pressure and headaches in the evening , non stop nausea , no appetite , hot flashes and shivering , clamsy hands , tingling on arms and legs , electric shocks , disorientated , loss of concious memory , nigtmares , fatigue , more depressed than ever , no sex drive , i felt like a zombie in hell . I really did n't think that I was depressed , but I think since taking the Lexapro , my mood has lifted . It has really helped with my depression and my ability to handle things . I was able to function physically like a normal human being again for the first time in years , but I had no emotion whatsoever . Lethargy , lack of concentration , brain zaps , nausea . 10 lb weight gain , increased amt panic attacks , anxiety . Night Sweats , Restless Legs , Take 150mg , and that , along with Provigil that I started a bit later , appear to have given my regular epilepy meds a push to stop my seizures , that were previously at 4-5 a day . These drugs really change a person , from their mood , to their personality . and I still have occasional heart flutters , a clenched stomach , and the anxiety that goes with that . I would like to try a different antidepressant because the loss of motivation and being tired all the time is making me feel lazy , worthless , and almost as depressed as before I started taking it . Now im 28 and it gave me restless leg syndrome , paranoia , anxiety and I craved sweets constantly . When I first started taking cymbalta I would wake up drenched at night from sweating . my ONLY side effects have been listed , but mainly unusual vivid dreams . There are also more mild effects on my sleep - Night sweats , and vivid dreaming . I 'm still depressed pretty bad and that has yet to go away . took my first dose this A. M. Will struggle through to see if benefits outweigh this horrible feeling . Even though I feel slightly numbed out , I notice I 'm more relaxed than I have ever been-the brainfog does not interefere with my patient care and safety . I really like this drug but am trying to decide if I can put up with the itching . I had attempted suicide ( had been on Prozac for 12 years when it quit working , which I found out is not unusual ) . Totally numb , could n't summon any feelings , even toward my partner . I am typing this slowly & I barely know what 's going on . Head is so mucked up I can barely move or think . I had to have a heart cath , echo , stress echo and several other heart test . I am having `` brain shivers '' , `` watermelon head '' , weight gain , etc I was taking 75mg for almost 2 years . I ca n't read or focus my eyes because of the dryness and burning , my eyelids are swollen and , although it has helped somewhat with fibro pain , it 's not worth it . nausea , cotton mouth , and lack of appetite . Not sure if Lexapro really helped with my depression and anxiety , fortunately have a good therapist and positive environmental changes . Had worsened depression and suicidal thoughts after going off this med- do n't know if it 's due to the Lexapro or my cycle of depression , just seems worth noting . Totally worth any of the minor side effects I feel now . It 's somewhere between dizzy and light headed . Little nauseaus first couple of days . My hair started falling out by the handful . Initially experienced loss of appetite & weight loss . I started taking it at 100mg and then went on 50mg due to headaches I was also using endep 50mg for insomnia and pain . I also had the desire to drink alcohol heavily and got really drunk really fast . Gained weight rapidly while on this drug . Possible loss of libido . May sound like a crappy drug , but I 'll take the side effects for no seizures any day . I am now trying to cut back and on top of all those symptoms I am very itchy , shaky and miserable . instead of isolating , I feel more at ease socially and I like being with people and feel especially close and grateful for my family , ( 