First day nausea .
I felt very shakey in my hands especially in the afternoons making tying a bow or a knot very difficult .
No wonder I suffered so many side effects .
Did not help my depression and caused me to have suicidal thoughts .
The first 3 weeks of Zoloft ( 25mg ) , the anxiety had pretty much subsided ( the clenched feeling in my chest was gone !
My problem was severe debility , brought on , I think , by long-term anxiety .
Along with the `` brain zaps `` people tell about .
It really works great on depression .
then I began to have problems sleeping and started crying easily for no reason .
That quickly turned into a three week period of sleep .
It makes you look like a crazy person when your labs are normal and you still complain of pain .
After about 4 days on this med I n oticed a definite uplift in my mood and my anxiety was a little lower .
I am still feeling head pressure which is causing my moodiness but the doctor does n't believe me .
Sexual dysfunction , extreme hunger , carbohydrate cravings , weight gain , insomnia , acid reflux , fatigue , water retention , eating disorder thoughts , spacey thinking .
Even tapering the drug , I have had SEVERE dizzines and SEVERE nausea .
Decreased sex drive and ejaculation delay .
After a few days , insomnia and headaches .
Am definitely having difficulty sleeping but was able to wean off Xanax .
Got some help several years ago after a sucide attempt .
I was taking 200mg every morning , however I now only take 50mg as I am trying to get my sexual problems to improve .
The withdrawal symptoms were unbearable .
Loss sex drive ; weight gain ; night sweats ; nightmares ; muscle twitches and jerky when sleeping ; ( miss a dose i get depression or panic attack - sometimes withdraw symptoms ) .
VERy very slight twtch in my hand or arm sometimes .
Although side effects were minimal , I started having severe manic episodes after a few weeks - driving 500 miles for no reason , not sleeping for days , etc Eventually I was taken off Zoloft and placed on Lamictal , which is now slowly reducing my manic episodes .
My only symptom now is sweating ( clammy feeling ) .
I also had a sudden hearing loss experience and am now totally deaf in my left ear ; it is sensioneural and will never return .
My mind was in a fog .
but at the same time felt completely `` flat '' emotionally .
Insurance switched to generic and I am struggling with headaches vivid dreams in which I awake in panic attacks full of sweat and have only been on the generic about a week .
being sick all the time .
When I increase the dose to 75mg I experience vivid dreams , interrupted sleep , anxiety , irritability and unwarranted anger .
increased anxiety was the worst thing for me , but it went way down on day 4 or 5 ) loose stool for 2 weeks , headache for 5 days , restless legs first 2 weeks .
After much thought , I decided that the benefits of nursing outweighed the negligable risks of the meds , And , to not treat the depression would have been plain stupid .
I felt like I was on speed , but after my body adjusted it gave me my life back .
Did gain some weight but after being on the drug for 9 months that seems to have settled down .
was fine for the first month , but now I am experiencing severe joint discomfort in my wrists .
I resisted taking this medicine at first , but decided it was for the best when my depression and anxiety started getting in the way of my functioning normally .
I started S/I again for the first time in years while on Effexor .
The loss of appetite and weight loss was one of the main side effects I had , I am already underweight , and losing weight is n't good for me
Irritability .
started on 37.5mg about 3 years ago , I am now on 225mg , whenever dose is increased I begin to have severe tiredness , sleeping for 12-16 a night !
Overall , I have felt more like myself & much less depressed , but occassionally when I experience a setback , I do n't dwell as much on my sad thoughts .
Sweats .
Stayed away from my grandkids cuz I did n't want them to find me dead .
However missing a dose can bring on a huge change immediately .
Basically felt very very strange .
Very sleepy all the time .
Tension headaches , nausea , jittery feeling .
It made me crazy .
Loss of libido , Difficulty reaching orgasm , fatigue I feel tired most of the time , yawning , dry mouth , weight gain .
little dry mouth .
That was about three years ago and I am just starting back up on this drug again after a relapse of depression .
Decreased sex drive ( but no problem performing ) , delayed orgasm ( however , orgasms seem a bit more intense ) , moderate night sweats ( primarily legs and groin area ) , slight tremor in right hand ( only briefly and immediately upon waking up ) .
increased irritability , increased agressiveness .
but no real difference ( some good days some bad days ) with the depression .
I had to take a heart burn relief medication each day I took Lexapro .
I have gained weight .
All of the sudden a hot flash shot throughout my body , my heart skipped several beats , and I felt like I was going to die for a minute .
lose bowels , sexual side effects , Very effective , but if you miss a dose for 1-2 days , it can really cause problems ( Dizziness , nausea )
It may be depression and medication can help , whether it is Effexor XR or another drug .
Anxiety increased tenfold , had panic attcks , disconnected / spaced out feeling .
I have found Cymbalta to be helpful in reducing my anxiety , but not as effective for my chronic depression .
I would just stay around and do nothing all day .
Some anxiety and `` brain shocks '' for the first day or two .
zomby-like emotionlessness .
My anxiety is worse than before , and I 've been getting more and more dizzy by the week .
I missed 3 to 4 days and I tried to kill myself .
Heart palpitations for 2 weeks .
Bad head ache next day , but after that OK. After 4 more days on 3/4 dose , took 1/2 beads out and had no side effects .
I also have the worst headaches and while I have the headaches my right eye is blurry .
I felt even less motivation to direct it towards anything productive .
Ca n't we treat our depression and still have an orgasm ?
Agressiveness and short tempered .
Nausea .
I had high blood pressure and migraines so Inderal was added .
suicidal / homicidal hopeless thoughts , irrational broke a tooth grinding them incessantly , erratic menstrual periods , intense dreams that I could not tell from reality and could not wake from .
My main SE is fairly intense dry mouth & dry eyes .
I 've also gained about 60 pounds because I became more depressed and freaked out , leading me to just give up on a healthy lifestyle as well as failing an entire semester at my university .
When taking at night , Cymbalta caused insomnia something awful .
seems that effexor caused an episode of hypomania with extreme anxiety resulting in increased depression ; not a good mix for my condition ; regime includes lithium ( 1500mg ) ; lamictal ( 300mg ) ; buspar ( 50mg ) ; abilify ( 15mg )
It has helped me to be a better parent but the side effects are getting to hard to handle .
The worst side affect is that it takes a long time to achieve orgasm if I can at all .
Had to be put on valium so I could eat .
I went up to 20mg and found I was putting on a lot of weight .
Vivid dreams but not nightmares .
Incredible sweet tooth .
Effective in reducing anxiety and depression in less than a week .
Panic attacks came back .
effexor xr works well for my depression & anxiety .
For the first 3 weeks , life was getting a lot easier and I started to hope that I was going to come out of that long tunnel of depression .
no orgasm during sex .
I was on Zoloft for about 4 months , and after the first 2 weeks I had absolutely no sex drive .
It did help me with my depression and suicidal thoughts , but I have gained quite a bit of weight .
if I take 20mg , then I feel zombie-like .
It has calmed my anxiety down alot , before I could hardly bare to be social , social situations just scared me to death .
MY HAIR WAS SHEDDING AT AN UNUSUAL RATE , I WAS HAVING A DULL HEADACHE CONSTANTLY .
I did n't take Lexapro long enough to evaluate it for its intended purpose , because I found the sexual side effects intolerable .
feel like when i get upset it just makes it worse and i dont feel like myself .
I 've suffered with PMDD for years , and I always know when I am about to start when the PMDD starts up .
after 2 years , I built up a tolerance and had to increase it from 50 mg to 100 mg. the depression was creeping back again .
weight gain and jaw clenching .
I have brain zaps that feel like electrical shocks and result in jerking and spasms .
it caused some insominia , i also felt like i was haviing brain buzz and ringing in my ears .
sweating , dry mouth , increased anxiety .
Unfortunately , the weight gain and sex drive issue is driving me crazy , and I am considering switching to another drug because of this , but it appears that the other SSRIs have the same issues .
feel wired , feel homicidal /suicidal , agitated , no appetite , confused .
NO sex drive , severe fatigue , sweating , mild jaw clenching .
Bad : Nauseated and jittery for the first few days , like a sugar crash or a caffeine high , Good : I am sleeping like a baby for the first time in years .
Overall , the drug gave me a bad feeling .
night sweats , dreams , possibly increased appetite .
All side effects went away within 3 weeks .
brain zaps , excellerated heart rate , bad dreams , night sweating , tingling of hands and feet , weight gain ( feeling hungry all the time ) .
jittery , sexual effects .
I have found I sweat more on Effexor .
20 pounds total in 6 months Appetite increase .
The sexual dysfunction is not terrible and the sleeplessness is managable with sleeping tablets and hopefully it subsides soon .
I started taking this for my Post Partum .
First three days of taking Lexapro to made my head feel like it was going to blow up .
May be a good drug , but I ca n't take it anymore because of the sedation and stomach problems .
The reason is weight gain .
It seems to be helping for anxiety as well but I also take .5mg of Klonopin twice a day .
Weight loss of about 10 lbs and I 'm not complaining about that .
Also , I am still experiencing some major depressive episodes and invasive thoughts , which makes me question if the cure is worse than the disease .
The side effects of coming off this drug are hell .
For the first 1-2 weeks , my neck felt very tired and sore .
Dry Mouth , chronic forgetfulness , a mental 'haze ' , it feels like I am peeing every liquid out of my body .
When I came off Cymbalta I had the worst side effects I could 've ever imagined .
Increased suicidality and suicidal ideation .
However , I felt no better in regards to my depression .
4-5 weeks into 60 mg I started to have extreme numbness & tingling on my right hand , arm , side , shoulder blade .
Along with mood swings , irritability , etc It 's basically all the symptoms I experienced before I started taking it .
extreme nervousness , uncontrollable urge for innappropriate laughter , emotional numbness , profuse sweating , the list goes on and on .
Going off the drug sucks , but these things made it a lot better .
gained 5lbs , decreased sexual desire .
I 'd rather be normal sized and anxious than overweight , taking BP meds and insulin medication !
i felt as if i needed to be doing something all of the time .
Zoloft did help with my anxiety but the side effects were just to much to handle to the point that I would rather live with anxiety than to live with these ugly side effects .
I was very depressed and felt as if I was always disoriented .
Felt like on an LSD badtrip , but way worse .
VIVID DREAMS !
Yawning , constipation ( short term ) .
Irratability , severe depression , crying a lot , dramatic mood swings .
I thought there was something seriously wrong with mine , so I 'm glad to know it is a side effect and not something else .
I feel like myself and do n't get upset or angry as easily .
Withdrawal similar to heroin withdrawal .
It makes me feel normal again , and I suffer from extremely severe depression .
I ahve taken this medication for many years and I have gain weith ( about 10 LBS ) and the worst part is that despite that I work out 5 times per week I havenot being able to loose weight , Also , my sexual drive is very low , problem with erection .
However the inability to orgasm has been addressed by use of a prostate massager which works well despite being embarrassing .
if you are an othewise phyically healthy human you may risk compromising the proper functioning of the T-cells which may have UKNOWN consequences , the worst being autoimmunce disease which will make you very sick with flu-like symptoms and unable to get better , please beware .
deep , scary thoughts never have had them before .
I felt on fire .
I would have heart palpitations and awake 3-4X a night .
Makes me sleepy .
I read where others have experienced vivid dreams as a side effect , but I 've always dreamed pretty vividly so this does n't bother me .
then fine must take in AM , keeps me awake at night , love it , amazing .
I experienced a bit of nausea and mild dizziness .
But I feel I can say that this drug is VERY ADDICTIVE .
loss of feelings .
Now I find I have extremely vivid & bizarre dreams - some good , some bad .
Dizzy , lightheaded , tired .
Weight gain , fuzzy head .
I have been on Cymbalta for about 2 months now and I feel like I am losing my mind .
the first time i used effexor was 4 years ago and it caused me to lose about 10 pounds , but i became pregnant and switched to zoloft .
1 ) Strong headaches for the first 1-2 months , 2 ) Interest in sex has decreased significantly ( 50-75 % ) .
extreme weight gain , short-term memory loss , hair loss .
I have n't been taking this drug too long and I am stopping because of the dryness it causes in my eyes ( swollen ) and my scalp ( scratching ) .
These are side effects that continued throughout treatment with the drug .
Constipation was really bad in first month , now it comes and goes .
did n't notice much difference until 75 mg- where i completely freaked out .
Once the Med had firmly taken hold of me , my life turned from one full of anxiety , fear and depression , too one of absolute fulfillment and happiness .
Thought most side effects would be gone .
I struggled with the decision to take it because I was so worried that it may harm him because it does pass into breast milk in tiny amounts .
My back hurt so bad in the middle of the night I had to take an Ibuprofen , Now I 'm at work and I 'm shaking so bad and my stomach is so tight !
INTENSE HOT FLASHES , PROFUSE SWEATING , particularly severe with stress and when too hungry - can get to the point of soaking , dripping sweat , soaked clothes , bed , chair , car seat , total embarrassment , happens worst at most inappropriate times .
One day , after a weekend of not having it , I could n't get out of bed because I felt so bad .
Made me have tremors , also made me feel like I wanted to crawl out of my skin .
When my side effects are difficult to deal with , I remember that a debilitating major depressive episode , wanting to curl up and die , is FAR worse and I am thankful that I have options to help me live a normal life .
After the third day on 30 mg of this drug I felt like I was in a fog .
However , after a few months , I feel like all I want to do is drink .
Often get restless legs syndrome with Effexor .
Bizarre sensations of profound guilt and regret about incidents from the past ( childhood to adult ) , were constantly re-lived and extremely inflated to say the least .
By the way , no one informed me of the withdrawl nightmare-the once you 're in , you 're in club .
After 6 weeks or so my sex drive vanished completely .
when I finally stopped taking this stuff after losing five years of my life to it , I now have joint pain that makes it difficult to do anything .
dry mouth , increased sweating , sexual problems ( libido and ability ) .
Just existed .
very tired .
I think Cymbalta eased my osteoarthritis pain a great deal .
After a month some of the anxiety and self-destructive urges returned , but I feel more able to manage these episodes and they are less crushing .
So far its been one week , and I have been cutting down the doses accordingly , and I am having terrible dreams , am really dizzy and wake up sweating in bed .
Fatigue , extreme changes in body temperature ( hot to cold ) , slight headache , insomnia , agitation and anxiousness , fidgeting , food tasting odd and loss of concentration .
After a year or so on this I had more spinal problems and related nerve pain .
At times I felt very anxious for no reason and at different times in the day but these negative side effects paled next to the depression i was stuck in before lexapro .
a day and a half of nausea .
I ca n't say these side effects outweigh the benefits .
I have relief from major depression , anxiety , suicidal thoughts are becoming fewer , I also take 200 mg of zoloft which I find to be less affective compared to cymbalta .
Tiredness a few hours after taking , `` the munchies '' - > some weight gain , dulled emotions ( though this improved with time ) , slight sexual side effects .
Still concerned about the apparent 'withdrawl ' in less than 24 hours between doses .
and i saw no differneces in my depression but my mom said i was a little happier .
Also could n't orgasm .
If you can deal with the initial side effects , which seem to subside , this drug is worth it .
Loss of sex drive ; massive weight gain , forgetfulness .
HOPE I GET THROUGH IT WITHOUT COMMITTING SUICIDE .
Initially I had dizziness and some naseau .
The weight gain is the only reason I stopped taking it .
mosy of my side effects were in the first week or so starting effexor xr and whenever the dosage is raised , i experienced extreme headaches was extremely tired , very nausous , no appetite , a mild `` high '' feeling no sex drive mainly because i was way to tired .
I had tried several times before to quit Cymbalta but because of the extreme withdrawal side effects , I was forced to stay on it .
I 've suffered from GAD for quite a long time , and this drug works wonders .
Extreme irritability , weight gain and sleepless are just a few side effects of this horrible drug .
Delayed ejaculation , vivid dreams .
a little sleepy in the afternoon in the first few weeks .
I did n't really have any negative side effects , or if I did , they were very mild ( slight `` loosening of the stools '' , which was good because I tend to be , uh , constipated all the time .
Vivid dreams , which can be rather interesting .
The only side effects I experienced were mild insomnia and extreme shakiness for the first 3 days .
Thankfully , it took care of insomnia from the very first night .
been on 120mg for 12 months , from being suicidal am now back at work full time , feeling normal again other than the side effects .
Generally felt pretty dull and had no sex drive whatsoever .
The vertigo is rendering me unable to function in daily life causing me to lose work .
Feelings of a band around my head , memory loss .
I must say that this medication helped with depression .
Also , I also just seem mostly numb which is pretty scary .
Social anxiety is gone and im feeling good helped me with withdrawal symptoms from alcohol and marijuana use .
In my experience , missing a dose has not caused any major issues other than headache or dizziness .
The depression lifted a bit but the anxiety , head pressure , dizziness , insomnia were unbearable .
Though I do have extreme withdrawal symptoms if I skip more than one day .
initial side effects lasted a week or so - bug eyed , dizzy , nausea - just like with any anti-Dep .
do n't experience side affects while on Cymbalta but when I am off .
I am experiencing some of the side effects mentioned elsewhere , dizziness , irritability , upset stomach , although they are fairly mild .
Sometimes ringing in my ear , or lightheadedness .
I have been completely off for 3 days and have had NO improvement in my withdrawal symptoms .
I tried a couple other anti-depressants before Zoloft that either made me even more depressed or did n't help at all .
initial nausea , eventual lack of emotion ( both positive and negative ) .
My sex drive seems a little low , but it has not been that active for a couple ye
At one point I wanted to kill myself .
I drank a lot while on this drug and it made me act kinda crazy .
It has definately helped with my uncontrollable crying and incesant thoughts about death , However , the main reason I take it is for anxiety .
when i was on cymbalta before i was able to lose weight and not feel hungry all the time .
At 10mg/day for 2 months , my depression persisted and my doctor increased me to 20mg/day .
When i miss a day i feel very spaced out , thick , groggy , sad .
It hurt so bad , I ended up in the E , R .
I 've been going down 5 mg at a time a week at a time , and even so I 've had withdrawls .
Has made my hypochondria worse .
Bad sexual side effects .
I have flu-like symptoms , dizziness , major mood swings , lots of anxiety , tiredness .
Vivid dreams / nightmares , possibly some tiredness .
I tried it because my bipolar manifests as depression for the winter months .
ca n't stop eating .
I have a tendency toward seasonal affect disorder and cymbalta has not done anything to improve this .
I 've been noticing that the times i was on an ssri , i drank a lot more alcohol than when not on one .
Right after i started it my crying spells stopped and suicidal thoughts were gone .
its really hard to quiet .
For the first few weeks I was on it I had intense dreams , some of them unpleasant .
Before this medicine , I could sinkand sink and sink into depression , seemingly without end .
No one can prepare you the side effects when you decide to stop taking it .
No appetite I went 3 days without eating and did n't realise until my partner was ramming a sandwich down me , now just a smaller appetite and still forget to eat .
Wish me luck on comming off of this Medication , since I feel to bad to go see My doctor that placed me on it !
Very severe withdrawl after only one day of not taking the drug , which include disorientation , vertigo , nausea and what they ( weblog which supports users coming off Cymbalta ) call ' brain-zaps ' where you experience some kind of electrical shock type feeling in your brain .
Crying , brain zaps , nausea , vomiting , serious mood swings , ect .
My appetite has lowered significantly since being on higher dose .
Nausea , a light-headed feeling , and dizziness but only at first .
Very bad side effects .
Works for my form of depression , however it has destroyed my sleeping patterns .
I can deal with all these side effects , but would love to get rid of the fatigue .
ca n't stop yawning , wake up in the middle of the night , am so tired during the day .
Dry Mouth , .
Weight gain , tiredness , completely killed sex drive .
Lexapro really helps anxiety , Depression too .
slight loss of appetite , some headaches .
After about 4 months of being off , I noticed my irritability and anxiety increasing , so my new doc suggested a measly 2.5 mg dosage .
The main benefits for me are the reduction of anxiety and the improvement in my energy levels .
weight gain , fatigue , unable to orgasm during intercourse , insomnia , lack of sympathy , apathy , losing hair .
For me this had the lowest side effect profile of any medication I have ever had .
I got so depressed on it that I swollowed the whole bottle hoping to end my life , but luckilly Iam still here
I no have problems with anemia because I am always bleeding , Dr 's have not suggested effexor as the culprit , but it is the only medicine I take and it will not go away .
loss of appetite .
Had lost 50lbs on my own dieting prior to meds and now gained back 30lbs which adds to my feeling down .
Exercising and dieting do n't seem to get the weight off .
Emotionally much better and able to function but getting depressed about the side effects .
Withdrawal symptoms are horrible - as noted by others .
I ca n't stop taking this drug !
Nauseated the first week , then went away .
I know that I can not quit `` cold turkey '' as withdrawals are severe .
I also got my appetite back and managed to put on the weight I had lost as a result of my anxiety , Overall .
After experiencing those fatigue symptoms and not being able to do , well , anything , I was moved back down to 5 mg which only helped temporarily .
This stuff is responsible for untold suffering , God 's grace alone got me through and back from the edge of suicide and total insanity .
Severe cotton mouth , mood was exceptionally elevated ( too elevated ) until it tapered off , Disturbing , lucid dream for about 6 weeks .
Zoloft has made all the difference in my life : I 'm no longer depressed .
extreme ongoing and continual nausea , delayed orgasm , numb hands & feet .
severe constipation , weight gain , nightmares , hypothyroidism , and another .
some fatigue , some brief episodes of heart fibrulation , decreased sex drive , slightly less appetite .
These effects go away in 1-3 days .
My dosage was increased earlier this year after a traumatic episode and I found the dizziness to be worse .
I do n't think anything helps with depression .
I fired her and went back to my previous ( male ) GP , telling him if he did n't get me off this vile stuff I would hurt myself or someone else .
felt tingling for the first 5 days .
At that dosage I was so tired and irritable .
Mild constipation , difficulty maintaining an erection and delayed orgasm .
Nausea at first , started out at 60mg Also on Topomax x2 a day , and Seroquel 50mg at night .
I know longer feel tired in the afternoons , I no longer cry at the drop of a hat and I feel alert and focused .
My mood improved but I became `` flat '' and became a recluse .
Increase in panic attacks / anxiety , weight gain ( 10lbs ) , headaches and vivid dreams .
I would rather feel myself , and have anxiety than to feel like a zombie .
None whatsoever , except more and more confidence that my chronic depression will never return .
My emotions feel muted , and my former compulsiveness is replaced with listlessness .
I have found that this has helped my depression and anxiety very much .
I must say that I noticed a dramatic difference- I 'm always tired because of night shift , but I feel NO depression .
I 'm in serious pain right now .
I took this medication for a month before I started getting extreme suicidal feelings , which I had not had before taking it .
Extreme fatigue , drowsiness and a 5lb weight gain within the first 2 months .
Tired , tinnitus , restless legs .
Extreme sleepiness and tiredness .
Withdrawal was DANTE 'S INFERNO !
Which can be a side effect of Cymbalta .
Rapid heart beat at times .
nervousness / shakines s , occasional `` electrical zaps '' that so many people report with SSRI 's , diahrrea and constipation , the urge to drink more alcohol .
sweating , not able to stay asleep through the night , dry skin and hair , constant licking my lips ( pill rolling ) as its called , tingling body experience , ring in ears , headaches .
WEIGHT GAIN , Abdominal cramping ( GI symptoms ) , FATIGUE , headaches , diarrhea then constipation , water retention .
dizziness , nausea , extreme loss of appetite , diarrhoea , lethargy , tingling in fingers , sleeplessness , low blood sugar from loss of appetite .
Before I was barely functional and honestly might not be here .
Sometimes prolongs ability to go to sleep .
I went from being a disfunctional depressed person to moderatly happy .
But I do have the inability to eat or care about food .
I will experience episodes of depression but it 's manageable .
Its early days so far but I do think it has taken the edge of my anxiety and obsessing .
The overwhelming fatigue is almost as bad as the vomiting .
Sleep .
It 's very hard to cry .
I had to stop working because I work in Tech/IT and I could n't stare at a computer screen or focus my eyes without becoming violently nauseous , Horrible vertigo .
have had continuous diarrhea since I started taking this pill .
It 's been four days since I discontinued , and I 'm still wiped out and dizzy with flu-like symptoms .
I have found myself waking up every 2-3 hours and general fatigue during the day .
I found myself on the verge of tears at all times .
It has helped me so much and the depression and anxiety are gone .
All that changed was that I got fat and unable to poop , neither a known depression cure .
Also tardive diskenesia was becoming very prevalent .
EXTREME acne around mouth and jaw .
The sleepiness disappeared , However , I have problems ejaculating .
Dialated pupils .
with zoloft of 50mg then 100 mg , I experienced a decreased sex drive - and inability to have orgasm .
I had the `` typical '' brain zaps and odd brain feeling , dizziness , anxiety .
Zoloft withdrawal was one of the worst experiences that I ever had in my life !
I believe I moved right into a bad crash and withdrawal .
I 've also lost about 30lbs 240 down to 210lbs ( Not that I complaining on that one ) .
even though zoloft worked well for so long i have wanted to go off for years due to trendyness/social stigma and belief that i should be able to handle this w/o meds but have had much trouble with the withdrawal the 2 times i tried .
I do n't wan na be sad but does life really have to be that boring ?
Quitting this drug was horrible .
little sleepy at first , then dosage was increased from 30mg to 60 mg after the first week & I felt better .
I was so sick I thought I would die .
Insomnia headaches nightmares .
The side effects did go away after about 4 days and when I increased my dose from 37.5 mgs to 75 mgs I did n't have any side effects , My Dr. prescribed xanax for me to take along with the effexor for the first week which actually eliminated the shakiness and nervousness immediately .
dry mouth , sweating .
Then I just could n't handle the headaches it caused , so my doctor lowered my dose gradually over the last two years or so .
Nothing unbearable until I forget a dose , or are even an hour late taking it .
I am bi-polar , and have also taken Lamictal 100 mg once per day on and off in the past .
Medicine would stop working and I 'd have to up the dose , anything above 25 MG and the side effects start to very badly effect my life .
Reality is I became a zombie , robot .
I know Zoloft works for a lot of people , but I am breastfeeding and have a 2-year-old to look after , so I ca n't keep taking it in the hope that the side effects might go away after a week or 2 ) I need to be able to eat and function .
The drug has helped with the depression , however the side effects are awful .
Made me really forgettful , weakness so bad it was a struggle just to comb my hair .
Was very scary felt disoriented .
Discountinuation of this drug is like going on a detox , it was horrible .
The draw back is sometimes my life is so dream-like , while my dreams are so life-like , that I constantly confuse what I dreamed & what I lived .
Dry mouth and weightloss .
But these were mostly the side effects , and real improvement in my depression did n't appear for the suggested two weeks .
all those side effects went away though after a couple weeks and now it just makes me really gassy and i think my vision has become a little more blurry , the gas is very innoying though even at night when im in bed with my boyfriend its really uncomfortable but i took an over the counter pill for gas relief and it seemed to work .
I have never had stomacal problems prior to efexor until now so I am goin to stop taking it but taping it down I let you know how I recover from my ulcer and the other side effects .
My brain is at a standstill .
A missed dosage causes symptons like the flu which will last for a couple of days .
Shakes , sweating , difficulty sleeping , diarrhea , high blood pressure , Increased orgasms .
I kind of like having dreams -i never used to have them/remember them .
My anxiety levels are down , I 'm calm , mental clutter is gone , sleeping better .
I experience frequent headaches as well as insomnia -which has led to a mild addiction to sleeping aids .
Sounds like horrible withdrawal , as head buzzing suggests immediate pain and mental torture .
could n't stop myself from eating sweets .
The only issues I have , not really side effects , is that its a little harder to get out of bed in the morning , and some constipation .
a horrible mistake as I had a feeling of euphoria for about 3 months .
My legs became restless and felt tight however the drugs worked well for pain for the most past .
It was distressing at first but within a few weeks my sex drive worked again , but at a much more `` normal '' rate , which I greatly appreciate , I feel I was to horny before .
i have a history of eating disoders , so this did NOT help with that .
sexual side effects , nausea , drowsiness , `` brain zaps `` , dizziness , weight gain .
Life had literally gotten unbearable , so about two years ago .
Extreme fatige , sweating , nightmares and that was just the beginning .
I do continue to have digestive issues with Cymbalta , but through trial and error , am learning to minimize this .
Really I only wash my hands like 100x a day now .
While being on this medication I have no control over my emotions or my actions when I get emotional .
It has worked wonderfully for my panic attacks .
I would rather be depressed than totally anihilated !
This always made me a little bit manicky .
I have relied on Xanax to calm my panic attacks and now slowly weaning off of it due to the Lexapro !
I continue to take Lexapro , as I said I am not as easy going if I miss several doses .
I had multiple recurrent thoughts of suicide , the worst self harm I have ever done , all culminating in an overdose on the drugs , leading to an overnight hospital stay .
dry mouth , slight rash , headaches early on , slight fatigue , delayed ejaculation .
Vivid dreams and nightmares .
I wanted him away from me as far as possible .
If I miss a dose though , I feel like I have little lightening strikes in my head .
Can not get off to sleep although very tired .
developed Shortness of breath , fibromyalgia type pain , arthritis pain .
On the down side , I feel as if I 'm in a fog .
Nothing moves or excites me .
The older types worked up to a point , but there was always an underlying feeling that depression would emerge , and sometimes it did .
Hungry all the time , Tired , Ca n't get out of bed , More irritable .
It was getting quite debilitating because my work requires driving to different places at times , Now , for the 10 months I 've been taking Lexapro , I 've only had three instances where I could feel myself going into a panic attack .
I 'm now in the last stage of withdrawal , and I 'm still experiencing the fatigue and dizziness and sexual apathy .
fatigue and sleeping around 15 hours a night and still tired , Loss of sex drive and erection problems when medication doubled from 75mg to 150 ) eye site deteriated to the point I thought i needed glasses but once I took myself off the drug eye site returned to normal .
Jaw Clenching , Headache-seems to be fading , Worse Brain Fog than fibromyalgia alone , More Extreme Fatigue , loss of appetite control , seems no help with fibro pain , dry mouth , heart palpitations , urine retention ? , edema .
My blood pressure rose more than 10 points after taking the first Lexapro 10 mg. My normal BP is about 110/70 , it rose to 134/88 ) I cut down to 5 mg , and my blood pressure stayed at about 124/84 until about 4 days after stopping .
helps me in my job which is high energy and high stress , headaches can be debilitating and twice I had to be picked up from work because the headaches came on so strong I could n't drive myself home
vertigo , sweating , vivid dreams ( though at times quite entertaining ) .
withdrawal is HORRIBLE !
been great for depression .
I was very depresed and suicidal .
I have NO sex drive and am always tired .
Even with all the side effects I really think Lexapro is the right choice for me .
Helped me with anxiety .
I did have a body rash ( Malasezia ) and other symptoms of my body experiencing a pH or general shift .
EXTREME lower leg & foot swelling , EXTREMELY itchy red rash lower extremities , profuse sweating , zombie state - extreme sleepiness shortly after taking and without any warning , lower extremity cramping , mouth sores , extreme weight gain , NO libedo what so ever , very bad memory .
I 've only had a slight reduction in my ability to concentrate .
I felt as if i am in hell , it was so scary that i 'd rather be depressed and anxious .
not cold chills ) , TMJ ( from clenching jaw at night ) .
Weight gain ; supressed sex drive ; lots of sleeping .
reduced sex drive and difficulty is reaching orgasm .
It was stimulating and I was hyper for a few months .
I was on a very low dose , so I 'm not sure if the fatigue and brain fog was due to the drug or the depression that proceeded it , HOWEVER , I had experienced TERRIBLE withdrawal when coming off the drug . ( These information are findings , just this )
Virtually impossible to ejaculate .
im exausted during the day , waking up in the night .
It is now almost time for bed/my next dose and I still have that feeling in my head and slight headache .
Shakiness and numbness in fingers which went away after the first few days .
It also killed sex drive .
The withdrawl from cymbalta only took about a week for the dizziness to stop .
Severe stomach cramps , upset stomach , dizziness , spacey .
OMG , Cold sweats , vomiting , dizziness , brain zaps ( with noise ) .
Although if it was n't for the hair loss and sexual side effects I would of stayed on it .
For treating major depression .
Originally I was put on it with a view to ceasing after 6 months but I was terrified I 'd revisit the horrible depression and anxiety so I stayed on it .
dry mouth , insomnia if taken late in the day , However .
I have gained weight and find it very difficult to lose it .
Slept through life and gained weight .
When I forget to take my medication I get vertigo immediately after I miss my dose and often I get massive headaches .
Start yawning early in the day and keep going until I go to bed .
less libido , tired always , sleep a lot , 15 mg , doesnt do much , little more relaxed about problems , maybee I go up to 17,5 mg or 20 mg and I will give it a try the next 2 months .
I lost over 50 lbs in the last 6 months just from lack of eating or throwing up what I did eat .
There 's a little bit more lack of concentration on my part which can be mistaken for short attention span because this drug puts me in a state of La La land and it 's hard to snap out of it bc it 's such a nice place .
Drowsy throughout the day , sleeping for a long time , weird dreams , heart palpitations , minor muscle spasms , lower libido , skipped periods often , heavy periods when I did get them , migraines , feeling slightly more aggressive , lowered mental capacity .
Cured my anxiety and depression wonderfully , stopping the tablets is the difficult part .
Everyone is different , but for me Lexapro was like some kind of torture device , Ca n't wait for it to leave my system .
Gained weight , moodswings , was n't able to sleep at all .
Also , my appetite used to be more `` normal '' when I started , but now is back to more random eating/snacking .
Hips hurt joints in feet snap crackle and pop , from time to time dizziness and headache .
I am currently going thru severe withdraw symptoms which I was never ever informed about .
Now I get mild headaches , head buzzing or light headedness if I miss a dose .
The real problem is the withdrawel .
I started this six months ago amidst a battle with depression , in addition to having bulimia and trichotillomania .
For the first two weeks I felt very spacey and drugged , a feeling similar to taking extasy .
our doggie is very sick , and i was up with her all night last nite , did n't sleep .
The first week , I went from 60mg to 30mg - I almost divorced my husband of 8 years .
The dry mouth is very insignificant compared to depression .
GAINED ONE POUND A WEEK for six months , Yep , 30 POUNDS .
never felt satisfied after eating .
allot of weight gain .
Well , this lasted for 7 full days and I stay home with my 3 small children , it was n't working !
loss of sexual drive , slight brain zap .
I do n't even want to think of the darkness that could take me to .
Not suicidal anymore , but I do n't think Cymbalta had anything to do with that .
After that came a week or two of nail biting and jitters ( like when you drink a quad shot of Starbucks coffee ) No negative sexual side effect - delayed ejaculation like every one else .
I feel happier , less `` blue '' I do have problems sleeping thru the night ( I 'm writing this at 4:30 am ) but am hoping with continued dosage , that will subside .
Been taking it for the last month and I can tell it is helping but the side effects are awful !
Initially sick all of the time .
Wow this stuff is strong , i took the first 10mg today , and ca n't focus , i 'm totally apathetic .
Now I do n't feel any need to drink to reduce anxiety anymore .
The side effects were most severe going on and coming off the drug , with all but the headaches and nausea staying with me throughout the entire experience .
I have noticed decreased appetite and leg twitching ( ca n't sit still ) .
I will say that withdrawal from Zoloft ( or any SSRI ) is a very unpleasant experience : severe mental confusion , and objects in your peripheral vision seem to dance about , wheel and lurch unexpectedly ( not unlike the `` tracers '' of LSD ) .
Lost the love of my life because of it .
anxiety .
The appetite is not a concern because I am quite overweight , it has actually helped me lose 50 lbs over the last six months .
Rarely do I ever think of suicide , but after two days the thought was almost constant .
Side effects stayed and now that I 'm trying to slowly withdraw from it they have gotten worse and new ones have started , especially dizziness and irritibility and lack of energy .
nausea and fatigue the first week at 30mg , but went away during next week of 60mg Nervous energy .
Wanted to kill myself several times while on this drug , when I had n't been suicidal before .
is great for me , except for the sexual side affects .
Ever since I have been on it , I have not had one good night sleep .
suicidal thoughts , constipation , dry mouth , lost of short term memory , etc .
I have a problem with insomnia anyway so I have n't made a decision to start taking it in the morning yet .
I 'd sweat so much , I had to change my clothes a few times a day .
Total loss of libido , Fogginess / Forgetfullness , Teeth clenching .
I am not able to leave the house until the meds kick in because I am physically just very sick .
Still in fog as I type this .
hard to resist eating even while getting fatter .
thoughts of suicide decreased .
My mood is better , the anxiety is gone .
Drowsy during the day .
Coming off Cymbalta does sound scary , but I am trying to just enjoy feeling well for now , will cross that bridge down the road .
Vastly increased moodiness , extreme levels of excess energy , minor hallucinations , irritability , reduced sex drive , lasting dissociative symptoms .
lower libido than usual .
All side affects and withdraw effects are now gone .
First 2 days had loose stools .
Cymbalta has the same adverse side effects of the other SSRI medications and then some .
Over the course of months I gained 20 pounds , tried to get off the meds 3 times had had such awful side effects , electric shocks through body , blurred vision , major headaches .
It works well with both the OCD and the depression , but I feel numb : nothing seems to affect my mood in good or bad ways .
1 brain zapper after 10 months during a migraine headache which was a very sharp pain that radiated from my head and downmy back that was shocking and lasted a total of maybe 1 second .
Social , happy to have company , emotionally well & stable , Again , woke up at 4am ( no anxiety ) for no reason but fell asleep an hour later .
Decreased appetite , weight loss , sexual side effects ( inability to orgasm ) , insomnia .
Horrid hot flashes and sweating at night .
The first dose gave me a `` spaced-out '' feeling that continued for a few more doses .
I am nervous about this as I am uncomfortable with the loss of my cognitive capacity with this drug .
Then I feel guilty for being lazy .
I initially also experienced extreme night sweats and some jaw clencing at night , but these passed within a week .
I can get tired and spacey in the afternoon when it kicks in , but I gladly take the med because it has given me my life back .
weight gain , muscle weakness /soreness , anxiety .
At first , nausea .
It really gave me my life back somewhat , Now I feel I am extremely drowsy at times , hard to stay awake .
It worked wonders the first time , but this time around I have been getting all of those symptoms .
I could n't leave my house due to anxiety and sometimes could n't even leave my bedroom .
Sure it helps depression because it makes you not give a rats ass about anything !
I have a general feeling of malaise ; I also had some insomnia when I first started taking it ( that was resolved by taking in the morning instead of the evening ) .
I could n't talk without stuttering , was very confused , could n't concentrate .
I would usually leave class early because being around others gave such horrible panic attacks .
Brief headache , increased sweating at night .
As far as my OCD , I have less trouble dealing with my intrusive thoughts and am not a nervous wreck following my episodes .
Yet i had vivid nightmares that were really horrible and i started to get night sweats real bad .
I had low blood pressure for about 2 weeks after I stopped taking it which caused me to have fainting spells .
After 2 weeks , the side effects went away , and the medication is fantastic .
Dry mouth .
The nightmares and seeing things at night made me opt for another med .
On day 3 I tried to exercise and began sweating profusely after about 10 minutes .
Completely silenced the endless tape loop in my head that kept telling me about all the horrible things that would probably happen .
I decided at this point the potential risk to my daughter was outweighed by my extreme mood swings / impatience / anger in general towards my kids .
0 % sex drive , difficulty sleeping , nightmares , profuse sweating .
This is an excellent medication for anyone who has a depressiv or anxiety disorder .
the following side effects continue , sometimes more markedly than at other times : night sweats , excessive yawning , decreased sex drive , weight gain , vivid dreams , insomnia .
Withdrawal lasted about 2 weeks , but I feel tons better now .
Most annoying side effect is delayed orgasm and sex drive reduction .
I started feeling the side effects the fist day i took 10mg .
I become dizzy , nauseus and ca n't function ; feel as though I 'm poisoned .
I had to quit taking them because of all the side effects that just would n't pass .
Suggest use for anyone who has anxiety in social environments .
This drug caused me t. I have severe and chronic lower back pain with Fibromyalgia which resulted in my developing depression .
I have never been overweight before .
teeth grinding trouble sleeping .
My depression mostly manifested in an inability to start new projects , rather than any feelings of sadness .
was on this before and had weight loss .
I can not have an orgasm to save my life !
I still get blue moods , but am able to focus and work through them .
In the very first years , there was difficulty in achieving orgasm , but no ED at all .
Ive only been on it for 1 day and was a little naucious this morning and my jaw has been wanting to clench down .
My vertigo has not responded to conservative treatment thus far .
After that , just teeth grinding .
I would say my feelings are slightly muted , but in the normal range .
I do have sleeplessness but , I am willing to deal with that in exchange for the pain , weightlose and the feeling of happiness .
intense increase in anxiety and agitation .
I take a stool softener to help with the constipation .
Loss of appetite , metal taste in mouth , weightloss , headache , disoriented .
upset stomach , head was foggy but went away after few weeks , nights sweats , loss of memory seems to be ongoing ( short term memory ) .
I used to take Ativan for anxiety , but that made me absent-minded .
This is a hard drug to stick with , I was REALLY sick at first .
only problem i can isolate during normal usage is blurred vision .
But in addition to eliminating the depression it also eliminated the highs .
extreme muscle fatigue and muscle cramping and elevated liver enyzmes ( no pre-existing liver damage or alcohol use/abuse , ) just to name a few .
I can tell I get less angry at things and sometimes less sad - the only complaint is not being able to express sadness .
I found nutritional supplements to deal with the depression .
Unlike the other people on here , I have n't really experienced that many side effects , or really any that are any sort of bother to me .
Only long term effect is that I ca n't cry - literally .
I do n't know how I will ever get off this drug when the time comes , because of the withdrawals .
It was frankly disturbing , and I think going off the drug and feeling healthy and whole again has done more for my depression than any medication ever has .
Constipation , vivid dreams and restless sleep patterns .
dry mouth in the first week ) .
sleeplessness , vivid dreams , hallucinations , tiredness , muscle aches , fluctuating blood pressure , zoned out , Do n't take it .
It did n't alleviate my depression or anxiety
The only good thing that 's happened from taking it is now I realize my anxiety & depression are not as insurmountable as I thought - being on Effexor IS !
It did not do a lot for the anxiety initially , but I only took 3 ) The blood pressure issue , however , was enough to make my psychiatrist encourage me to stop .
Chronic constipation , too .
Anxiety was greatly decreased within one hour of taking medication .
Reduced sex drive , insomnia , .
Since then , I have had moderate insomnia .
I am now on my first complete day with taking no zoloft after slowing decreasing the dose and the withdrawal is n't pleasant but survivable so far , Headache , slight confusion , temperature and feeling very tired are some of the withdrawal symptoms I have so far felt but they are better than what zoloft was doing for me .
For the first 3 or 4 months , I noticed a slight decrease in libido , but at this point my sex drive is back in full force plus some .
I never knew in a million years that I would be afraid of myself .
This drug has worked really well for my depression , and I feel is worth the side effects .
got hives and fever blisters instead of anxiety attacks .
I wanted to do nothing but sleep and sleep and sleep .
This is a great drug for depression and social anxiety .
I laid on my sofa for hours , sometimes awake , sometimes asleep , feeling nauseated and listless .
Helpful with anxiety .
Possibly dry mouth ( whatever that is exactly ) , drowsiness for the first few weeks .
i know it 's only my 2nd day , but I am nauseated , and have had a headache since 30 minutes after taking the 1st pill .
Typical side-effects as body/brain adjusted but my issues are associated with discontinuing this medication .
Could n't catch my breath .
After reading other posts , will try taking in a divided dose or in the am to combat the insomnia .
love love love this medicine its made a tremendous difference in my life it doesnt really do anything for my pain but helps alot for my depression and moods .
I found this drug to not do much in the way of improving my anxiety problem , although it did work very well on depression .
headache on left side of head , left eye pain , numbness in face hand s arms legs , stiff neck and shoulders , vivid dreams , no sex drive .
Cymbalta definitely helped with the depression .
Night sweating happens about twice a week , and is a pretty small side effect .
Normally my waist is 10-12 inches smaller than my hips , but now it is about 5 inches smaller .
all was fine ( taking it for almost 3 months ) but recently noticed I was gaining weight !
Insomnia no appetite anger mania crying spells anxiety .
I felt weird on this medicine and wanted to die .
Problems with memory .
Was bedridden that day , Did n't take another tab but still feeling side effects a day later .
I was `` speeding '' the whole time , but felt no relief or , for that matter , a single positive effect .
BUT , hated the physical side effects , I took valerian ( okayed by doctor ) to offset the insomina - but weirdest was I realized only after I went off it how it affected my eating habits - I put on weight - around 10 lbs - in the 2.5 months on it - no impulse control and `` munchy '' syndrome - this was counterproductive as I had lost a lot and putting it on made me depressed !
I no longer have that sense of dread every morning and I am able to handle the stress of daily life .
5 lb weight gain initially .
Cymbalta , however , has decreased ability to orgasm much less than Effexor or Zoloft , Paxil caused much worse ( totally intolerable ) headaches .
The only thing is I 'm a little obsessive compulsive and that part of my personality has not been damped very muchin the long run , after a year of meds .
Overall feelling of `` numb brain `` as I call it , Trouble concentrating .
I had terrible anxiety the whole time , the worst kind of anxiety I 've ever experienced .
I have fewer panic attacks .
more tiredness and irritable when I had to get up .
At first : Headache , nausea , trembling belly , loss of appetite , nervousness ( All went away in a few weeks . ) .
It certainly erased the anxiety , but I hardly feel human anymore .
sexual appetite went away
i would suggest zoloft to anyone who has been diagnosed with depression
Short-term memory loss , shortened attention span , depression , suicidal thoughts , developed a stutter , always tired , nightmares , paranoia , extreme moods .
started 2 years ago for depression , panic attacks and social anxiety .
Sleepiness .
Can not currently sing due to my arid dry mouth and throat .
Lexapro has been great as far as balancing out my mood , and making me feel much less anxious and happy overall , However , the drowsiness is becoming a pretty big problem , especially when I am sleeping an average of 12 hours a day ( mostly in 4-5 hour naps ) .
took away all the depression I was experiencing for three months .
The longer I 'm asleep , the wilder the dreams -like one continuous dream that gets more detailed and upsetting .
At first , terrible diarrhea .
I am having strong flu like symtoms but I am coming off of effexor and that has always been hardcore .
Still have some depression symptoms ( crying , etc ) , but it takes the edge away for the most part .
little stomach upset .
After a few weeks that ended as well as my crying spells , my hate for life , and my suicidal thoughts .
In the past I have taken zoloft which I could not tell that it helped with the depression .
Still a bit sleepy during the day ( I take it in the morning ) , but then frequent waking at night , with very vivid , weird dreams !
It 's been somewhat effective with the anxiety , but I find valium works much better for that .
I do have lethargy .
I am currently in week 5 of my detoxing and it has not gotten better .
still very depressed .
Nausea and stomach cramping the first couple of days ; was somewhat better if I ate small amounts of food frequently .
Anxiety got worse .
In the beginning , headache , gastrointestinal effects , brain fog , perspiring .
Bad side effects when weaned off like brain zaps , anxiety .
Over a 10 yr period I have gained 70 lbs Other than that , it helped me with my anxiety attacks and depression .
I am slowly getting my life back from severe depression .
At 60mg however , my sleepiness just became unbearable .
monotone in emotion .
Dizziness , ringing of the ears , irritable , anxious , horrible nightmares , feelings of electrical surges in my body .
I slept a lot , had no appetite whatsoever , lost weight , felt like I was not myself at all .
Severe chest pain , huge weight gain , onset of fibromyalgia and horrible arthritis pain .
The only current side effect I have is the night sweats and I do get `` headshocks `` as I call them , if I forget to take my pill on time .
I wake up about every two hours and am very restless throughout the night .
THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE UNTIL I STARTED TAKING CYBALTA .
Even with the side effects , which are n't too bad and more just annoying , I can deal .
I began sleeping in odd patterns , for only a few hours at a time .
The withdrawal side effects especially brain flashes or brain zap was VERY PAINFUL even though I tapered off the medication .
The diarrhea and sweating really bugged me , though , Surprisingly , this strengthened my libido and orgasms .
I went on it to calm me down a bit , I am very anxious , and it has done the opposite .
It has started to affect my job as there are days I just sit and stare at my computer and do n't feel like doing anything and just can not think .
night sweats , major mood swings and moment of over excitement combined with rudeness .
At greater then 50 mg experience sexual side effects .
You would think you were going through heroin withdrawals .
This is the first time I have been treated medically for depression and I have not been diagnosed by a specialist .
It prevents the mood swings I used to have , without making me feel spacey .
Able to handle stress better and to look at the bigger picture before I would just jump off the deep end .
It took me 2 weeks to be weaned off the medication and I felt awful all over like I had the flu .
I gradually calmed down and sweated profusely , That said , Lexy ai n't all bad .
Night sweats , interrupted sleep most nights , seriously dry mouth when I wake up .
i have taken it for 2 years and feel great , very little to no anxiety at all , some weight gain .
Am now tapering off and it 's hell .
I was n't hungry , but gained a lot of weight .
Anxiety is gone but still feel down .
Withdrawl over 12 weeks : diarrehea ( slowly settling down ) , headaches immediately after dose decrease , for a few days ( gne now ) .
Chronic Discontinuation Syndrome .
On 60 mg , I was irritated with my boyfriend when he was n't being irritating at all .
Profuse sweating .
Loss of appetite , and more thirsty than usual .
Effexor XR makes being alone perfectly fine and combined with the low sex drive I feel little need to meet people which is not good .
could miss a dose or two and no problem .
severe agitation , really lightheadnessed , suicidal thoughts .
It is only recently I am trying to change to Wellbutrin because of the weight gain .
The nightmares are the worst for me .
Loss interest in doing anything .
In the beginning , I could not stop sleeping .
Now I have night sweats and my body temperature has increased .
Very big increase in blood pressure which I had never experienced before .
Cymbalta has helped quite a bit ( along with therapy and some life style changes ) to help me get through depression .
vaginal dryness , decreased libido .
I have n't had a good night 's sleep in a year because of the night sweats .
Day 4 and 5 and now ( Day 6 ) DEFINITE brain zaps - did n't know what people were talking about until they started - NOT nice .
I found work hard to focus on and suffered some memory difficulties .
It makes me think it works i guess but I hate the withdrawals .
After waking up , I had severe nausea & a bad headache , Off & on that evening I was `` spacey '' and moved very slow , but I knew what was going on , This morning , I did not hear my alarm go off for work , woke up 1 1/2 later , called boss , told her what was going on & was only late 30 min .
Extremely unpleasant withdrawal , So addictive , electric 'shocks ' to the brain when trying to quit .
Horrible isomnia , felt like I was in a fog .
Due to my depression , I am always fatigue d so that part does n't bother me .
My weight would increase , then decrease , then increase again .
At the time I started the drugs , I was in a major depression .
First week - Nausea , dizziness , no appetite .
Withdrawal when missed dose .
It helps me immensely , and the side affects are tolerable , as long as i do n't provoke them by missing a dose .
increased migraine and headaches frequency ( went from very rarely to frequently ) , vomitting , nausea , initially constipated then just diarrhea , disturbing twitching while trying to fall asleep , not the usual twitching , very dry mouth , loss of libido ( got better when I decreased from 150mg to 100 mg after 3 months ) , also have occasional yawnitis as I call it which was worse in the beginning , also had terrible motion sickness I have never had before from flying , alot of dizziness if I forget my dose after just an hour since I decreased to 100mg a month ago , irritability , fall asleep at work sometimes lasting all day , somewhat better after taking the medicine at noontime , waking up in the middle of the night is completely resolved since taking the meds at noontime rather than before bed , definitely I am not losing weight , had panic attacks and that weird tingly feeling for first 2 weeks but these went away .
Sweating has definitely increased as well as heat sensitivity .
It helpped me to feel the appropriate feelings for a situation instead of the all consuming feelings of doom and self loathing .
Extreme sleepiness in the evenings during the first week - no problem now .
weight loss /maintenance .
Depression returned so I went back on at 75MG /day and instantly felt better .
The desire to just sleep my life away , but not suicidal .
Sweating , hand tremors , racing heart , insomnia , bizarre dreams .
brain `` zapping '' pressure , restless jaw ( teeth wanting to grind ) and HAPPINESS .
I would say that the drug did remove the initial anxiety and depression I was feeling .
It really helped my OCD .
Totally removes sex drive .
On top of that I cant sleep without a trazdone or ambien pill and when I get home from work
Also , oddly my cholesterol has jumped up over 50 points in the last year .
Put on a huge amount of weight , Constantly constipated , Not motivation .
achiness , tiredness , restlessness , blurry vision , tingling in arms , legs and hands , increased anxiety , high blood pressure , belching , heartburn , loss of appetite , strange taste in mouth , alternating hot and cold spells , headaches , loss of feeling during sex .
Initially , a loss of appetite , weight loss in first 5 days , spaced out feeling .
I felt like I was in a fog the whole time I was on this medicine .
No longer to enjoy the occasional glass of wine or champagne ( ca n't tolerate any alcohol since starting Cymbalta ) b/c it makes me too drowsy .
swelling of legs and ankles , eventually entire body , bloating , constipation , loss of `` caring '' .
Brain shocks in the beginning with insomnia .
Hazy , do not care attitude .
Felt numb , robot-like .
LOST MY MIND COMPLETELY , FUNCTIONING AT 28 % CONSCIOUSNESS , I ALMOST JUMPED OUT OF A WINDOW , BUT I TOLD MYSELF : `` THIS IS NOT ME .
I took Lexapro for 3 days in 10mg doses and had severe side effects immediately .
I would n't bathe , brush my teeth or wash my hair .
I stuck with it , and now I am realizing what a sad , pathetic , lonley , afraid , antisocial , hermit I used to be .
Now on it for three years and have gained 25 pounds .
Have had absolutely no sex drive whatsoever , am completely dead from the waist down , feel like it has ruined my sex drive for life , as even now i have not had it for 5 days , i still feel nothing whatsoever .
This time I am having the dizziness again as well as a mild headache so far ; nothing I ca n't handle .
Went into a horrible depression shortly after stopping completely .
I just felt so weird all the time , I HAD to come off it .
I do n't feel as tired and I have not had all of the food cravings that I usually have .
It helped keep migraines at bay and I had tolerable , minimal side effects .
Doubling the I felt emotionally flat , no emotion .
Headaches for a couple of days of withdrawal .
However , I have no anxiety while taking the medication .
These numbers only added to my anxiety .
No real side effects besides a little more lethargy /sleepiness than usual .
After I have an episode I feel like I was drunk and have NO IDEA why I did it !
Had it not been for the one side effect , I 'd likely have continued it indefinitely for Fibro Pain & Depression .
This tells me ( and my doctors ) that what I had been feeling was the withdrawal , and not the or
Helped with depression but total lack of desire for sex
Goofy happiness in the beginning , temporary lowering of sex drive , shakiness .
The drug did what it was supposed to do , but it 's the withdrawal symptoms that occur from lessening the dose , or tapering off the medicine .
Lexapro keeps me out of deep depression .
Side effects are annoying but a small price to pay for my life back .
omega 3 6 and 9 ) nothing is working to make me feel better you honestly feel like a walking zombie .
Was in ER 4 times and Was in CCU 2 times .
About 1 a. m I jolted up out of bed .
I am also free of anxiety and my depression is lifting .
Cybalta definitely helped with my depression but the side effects really took a toll on me after only a week .
Vivid dreams , lack of any sex drive , constipation , farting , some sleepiness .
Effexor has worked for my depression very well , would not be alive without it .
Until I used this male killing drug , just so you know , because no one really described it .
I know the pain is real .
The first day I was extremely nauseous and almost fainted when lifting a heavy object .
Dry mouth , some sleepiness and excessive yawning .
I do n't explode when something stressful happens .
My anxiety is much calmer , although still present .
I no longer carry the feeling that I am worthless and useless ( despite having a ph , d.and a good career ) and the world would be a better place without me .
The initial side effects are pretty big , but do n't avoid this drug on that basis .
It left me just as sad , only bigger and full of poop .
No side effects now accept for yawning .
like a zombie .
trying to come of has got ta be worse than herion , Uncontrollable rage , no sex drive , and loss of emotional attachment with partner .
I can still have emotions and feelings but not in the roller coaster effect that I once lived with .
I have actually woke up and wanted to cry .
Coming off this drug after 10 yrs is HELL !
I also have difficulty remembering things and feel scatterbrained .
Woozy feeling when I miss dosing .
I was also missing meetings !
Started cying and laughing hysterically .
Caused psychotic episodes , and had horrible withdrawal symptoms .
not that I 'd want to be cry often but it is a good stress relief and now , nothing .
Minor emotional periods ( sad , angry ) for only a few days each .
Still have a night or two during the week when I ca n't sleep or wake up @ 2 a. m . I feel better than I have in a very long time !
Sleep issues , also I now have a harsh edge to my inter-action with others .
This medication caused me , like so many other people with bipolar disorder , to freak out .
The first week I was on it , I threw up every day .
I take them at night with Trazadone for insomnia .
didnt do much for the depression .
Effexor was awesome for relieving my depression !
I did act like a jerk on it as well a few times .
Dizziness , dry mouth , mild sour stomach ( no vomitting ) , slight insomnia , weight loss , mild apathy , decreased sex drive , and fatigue .
I have gained about 15 lb s in 6 months .
in my 43 years previous , i had never had any trouble with violence or extreme anger .
While driving to a friends house crazy thoughts kept happening .
Nausea , a lil .
I did n't eat much due to nausea and then it was fine .
Sometimes when talking , I would stutter , and forget what I was saying .
Sweating , Heart Papitations , Headache , dizziness , sore throat , very cold , Major flushing feelings in my head , Dizzy feeling , Flue like symptoms , High degree of shaking and nervousness , bleeding in stool , throwing up .
I no longer have suicidal thoughts ( which i had lived with for fifteen years ) , I no longer am extremely anxious and negative .
again I 'm depressed and ho-hum not to mention I 've gained 20lbs I wholeheartedly blame on the zoloft .
If I take it mid-morning I want to sleep in the afternoon so I take it first thing in morning .
I felt great , but needed to try another anti-depressent to help with my sex drive .
Emotionally and sexually flat-lined .
I am fearful that it will be a difficult withdrawal process when the time comes to stop the medication .
I pray that this helps and I can overcome my depression and anxiety .
I could n't get past the side effects- have no idea if it would 've worked for me .
Eventually increasing dose to 90 ) I have actually felt more tired during day and difficulty with sleeping .
I started taking 10 mg lexapro after I developed post natal depression .
I had MAJOR panic attacks , obsessive thoughts , intrusive thoughts , general anxiety .
Muscle spasms , muscle twitching , muscle soreness , insomnia , mental confusion , flush , brain zaps .
I was shaky and could not sleep .
the emotional numbness as affected me most as im @ risk of losing my partner who as bin there 4me thru it all but i just av no feelings & i dont seem 2 care how much i hurt him , i also feel like ill lose my friends & family if im not careful .
The first 3 days or so , I thought I was in the twilight zone .
Saved both myself and my daughter from deep depression pretty quickly .
I have been taking 75mg dosage for a year now and it has greatly improved my depression .
headaches and insomnia .
Difficulty Orgasming , less of a sex drive , DROWSINESS .
I started on this and immediately noticed the constipation and sweating .
Both subsided in a couple of weeks .
I think it did make me sleepy because I was constantly napping , but that may also partly have been carried over from when I was depressed and unmedicated ( I slept to avoid how I was feeling ) .
dry mouth , anorgasmic At first , strange dreams , meaning very vivid and colorful .
Emotionally numb , was n't happy or sad .
For the first two weeks I had to take xanax every now and then until the cymbalta built up in my system to fight the anxiety .
Depression , major nausea , shaking , heart arrhythmia , trouble sleeping , dizziness , fuzzy brain , memory loss , feeling faint .
Depression and fatigue still there .
I can feel horribly sick , even just a couple hours late .
I was carrying out 'risky ' behaviours and after 4 weeks of taking it I ended up in the emergency department of the hospital twice in 4 days for over-dosing .
Long term : extremely graphic nightmares , night sweats ( especially in winter ) , 30 lb .
weight gain , agitation , hair loss , sleep disturbance .
I still have trouble waking up in the morning which I thought was depression but maybe I just have a sleep disorder .
I was on this drug a little over a year and in that time I continued to get worse contemplating suicide more than once .
Loss of appetite and weight ( 5 lbs in a month ) .
My stomach is a wreck .
Constant yawning , severe tremors , headache , lost all sex drive the first day , could n't orgasm if I tried , terrible jaw clenching , helped somewhat with social anxiety , but general anxiety got worse , panic attacks increased , .
I had no appetite .
Increased perspiration /Real lack of sexual desire / Tinnitus / Weight gain / Minor joint soreness / Shortness of breath / Some excessive yawning / Constipation / Dry eyes towards end of 24 hour cycle .
It took me a day and a half to finally sleep , and I could n't eat or drink anything until around 9:00 this evening ( juice and some crackers ) .
I experienced minor headaches , dizzienes and nausea for about 3 weeks period after my final 5mg .
Excessive yawning , with a euphoric feeling each time I yawned , very spaced out , happy in another world , no withdrawal , no weight gain .
I was n't living ; I was just existing .
My follow through is great , where as I used to be flaky and could n't be counted on , Lexapro has changed all that - now I 'm dependable
The medication did wonders for my anxiety and depression problems which seem to not have returned once stopping the medication .
Electrical shocks , headaches , tremors , frequent urination , nausea , major anxiety .
This medication definitely stabilizes me , but I 'm concerned by how quickly my mood goes out of control with brain zaps when I go even 36 hours without a dose .
Initially went cycling like a yo-yo with mild mania and depression .
After 7 months I do not feel any depression or anxiety but am not sure if I even need it anymore either .
My manic depression has driven to do things any normal person would never even think of doing and it seems as though I can not live without the medicine .
Unhappy , often suicidal throughout childhood and adolescence .
All of the short term side effects only lasted for the first 2 months , ( sexual and weight problems manifested itself over the long term ) except for the obnoxious behaviour and increased talkativeness .
After a few nights of this ( while feeling good during the day ) , the palpitations and subsequent panic were still there in the morning and continued throughout the day .
Very Sleepy throughout the day , nauseous , pain actually got worse , could not sleep good at night , WITHDRAWEL EFFECTS ONLY AFTER TAKING FOR 10 DAYS !
yawning , spaciness , dizziness , insomnia , affected my impulse control , increased appetite , headache .
I originally was on Zoloft for two or three years and then stopped taking it , but had started to develop symptoms of depression again about 2 1/2 years ago .
In the beginning , I was drousy and had dry mouth .
So , I may need to try a different SSRI to see if it will help with the anxiety .
Also , a marked reduction in sexual response and sensation .
Constipation , get some strange feeling in the head at times like nothing ever experienced , fatigue , weight gain .
I spend most of my spare time in bed sleeping .
vivid nightmares , sweats , higher anxiety levels , memory problems , concentration problems , teeth grinding and clenching of jaws .
It worked at 10mg , but only relieved about 50 % of a very severe depression .
weight gain of 30 pounds .
This dosage made me very sleepy about 5 hours after taking it .
And even though I found it effective , I agree that it is horrid to wean off of it .
spaced out , difficulty sleeping , headaches ( shocks ) , night sweats .
From the moment I swallowed this pill I experienced a dry mouth and dry eyes .
I had pretty mild side effects at first , nothing severe enough to make me want to quit taking it and nothing out of the ordinary .
Lack of motivation , VERY TIRED all the time , memory loss - feel scatter brained .
Withdrawal for me is being dizzy and extremely sleepy .
After a year or so I realized I did n't have much of a libido anymore and after about 2.5 years on Zoloft I finally changed my medication , but if it was n't for that side effect , I most likely would have stayed on it .
Some mild effects on discontinuation but nothing too severe , although I did come off it slowly over two or three months .
It kept me up all night and I would sleep all day .
And I 'm 50 pounds overweight , so I 'm not complaining about the decreased appetite !
On 300mg : crazy dreams , periods of night sweats , constipation , decreased short term memory , decreased attentiveness .
Major weight gain , 30 lbs in 2 years .
suicidal thoughts , no sexual satisfaction , horrible drug .
However after dealing with this acne I 'm going to try another med .
I always have the energy and positive attitude to do what I want - not the negative depressed attitude I used to have .
Nails have gone hard .
Some typical antidepressant side effects , but nothing too serious .
I still have down days , and am frequently moody , But , life is better with it than without it .
I miss orgasms , but I like the person I am now a lot better than I was .
I have been off this drug for almost 3 years and I still feel like this !
I feel like i did before the depression ever happened .
Sleepiness and bouts of sleeplessness extreme lethargy developed diabetes type II high blood pressure and was hospitalized twice when trying to ween off of the drug .
in conclusion there are better drugs out there to treat depression .
Despite helping with anxiety , I just did n't feel like my mood was lifted sufficiently and that I almost did n't feel like myself anymore- almost just too calm ( where I like certain of my manic traits ) .
Then side effects made me feel like hell .
Stomach problems early on : bloating , nausea , constipation .
At first nausea , diareah , shakiness , sleeplessness , brain zaps , muscle twitches , jaw tightness , vivid/ scary dreams , loss of sex drive .
THIS STUFF MADE ME SOOOOOOO TIRED AND I CANT EVEN GET AN ORGASM !
I could hardly eat , and just sat on the couch everyday staring at the tv .
First Month : Insomnia , Constipation , Nausea , Exhaustion , Severe Withdrawal with missed dose .
Within 45 days of starting Zoloft I gained 50+ lbs I started having sever chest pains .
few side effects at first , but now , after about months on the stuff , at about 20 hours after last dose , I start to get wierd feelings .
Came to hospital and they gave me something to reverse it .
Tinnitus , zaps , vertigo , weight gain , sleeplessness , horrible withdrawal even with tapering off .
It worked better than any other medication I have ever taken for depression .
This drug worked very well for anxiety and mild depression .
I have very significant issues with thermo-regulation which leads to a feeling of burning , followed by profuse sweating .
i started at 5 mgs , felt like i was on speed for the first few days .
Initially ; dizziness , brain zaps , weight loss , nausea .
I feel as though I 've been disconnected from life for so long , now I feel much more like I can live in the moment .
Due to various causes , I went a week without my prescription and had terrible vertigo , insomnia , nausea and irritability .
I gained an additional 20lbs I am fatigue d , have fluid retention , my pain has broken through again and my depression has come back .
After listing all of the side effects , it may sound funny to say this , but I have loved Lexapro .
Cymbalta makes me very tired and listless , which in turn made me gain weight , which in turn made me feel more depressed .
None have helped my anxiety .
after taking just 2nd low dose sent my anxiety through the roof racing thoughts , didnt sleep on it plus a volcano of negative emotions racing inside me .
Would not have been able to work ( software developer ) if attempting this drug during work week .
So , yeah , I know I 'm an addict .
It seems only a VERY TOXIC drug would have this side effect .
The one and ONLY complaint is this horrible taste in my mouth- tastes metallic , and bitter , a secretion under my toungue .
My benefits definitely outweigh the side effects
I have sweats and then freeze .
I went to doctor for my acid reflux and as it turned out he prescribed this poison to me without even telling me what this shit is and what does it do to my body .
I only sleep a few hours a night , have chills , and feel like I am on speed or extacy , but wow , i feel so much happier .
Absolutely no libido or orgasms .
I ca n't see how it can be an anti-depressant when some of the side effects are depressive thoughts and actions .
The withdrawal process has been very difficult .
Now depression -free for 5 years or so .
I had lots of side effects the first 2-3 days of being on the 30 mg tablet , but most went away .
Some of which were very angry outbursts , an anger I never felt before .
Since last November my tendons on both arms started hurting by the elbow , then came extreme fatigue , and heaviness And pain in the calves of my legs came .
Just kind of existing day by day .
Brain fog , derealization / depersonalization , lack of concentration , hard time remembering things .
Before Zoloft I was easily confused , now I can think clearly and control my thoughts .
After being on Wellbutrin for about 6 months with good results , I went off medication altogether , Unfortunately , my depression returned with a vengeance after about 7 months .
Currently at 225 , I am very agitated , dizzy , lightheaded , off balance , emotionless , and one week after I started taking Effexor XR , I saw obvious daily weight gain , bloated stomache constipation , etc And then the financial shock .
weight gain , sexual side effects , extremely unhappy with all of these side effects .
i suppose if i had not been on the effexor , i would have been clear-headed enough to know not to take anything else , but i could n't form a coherent thought for the life of me .
At first I had some minor sexual side effects ( no problems with erection , but I did have delayed ejaculation ) , but those side effects disappeared after a few months .
Only side effect is withdrawal .
I can tell you from mine and others experiences that the drug withdrawal symptoms are very severe and affect every body system you have .
If the side effects are worse than the depression , you 're on the wrong drug .
It has helped my depression , but I hate the weight gain , and I have a constant feeling/need to eat .
insomnia , low sex drive , trouble reaching orgasm , euphoria ( not bad at all ) , agitation , drowsiness .
could definitely not drive in this state !
nausea , light headedness , dry mouth , bad taste in mouth .
I still sometimes feel unmotivated on waking up in the morning , but I do n't want to increase the dose above 75mg because of the anorgasmia , and the potential difficulties in eventually quitting the drug .
Light Headedness , Loss of Appetite , Sleeplessness , Dizzy feeling .
3 ) Spacey , out of sync with time ( as in Where did that tree come from ?
The other nasty side effect is if you forget to take it .
I do however feel a blunting of my emotional life and I wish that were not the case .
for the first 2 weeks , `` jittery '' , and tired in the day , but these went away totally , still sexual dysfunction .
My only continuing side effects are total loss of appetite and continuing problems with insomnia .
fuzzy `` high '' feeling , sleepy , ca n't stop yawning .
I , too , have dealt with withdrawal symptoms on several occasions ( prev took Effexor for ten or so years ) , and agree that missing a dose can turn one into Mr. Hyde .
My heart races at rest and I am getting moody , even losing my patience with my dog .
Tired , dry mouth , dizziness on occassion .
Woke up this morning with jitters .
light headed and increased anxiety the first few days , then subsided .
I was a ZOMBIE !
No libido whatsoever , Emotionless .
intense dreams , loss of sex drive .
The drug caused me to have NO sex drive and NO emotion s .
I was social , but that night woke up at 2:15 sweating and in a terrible panic attack ( not from a dream ) but heart racing , swallowed breath , felt emotionally traumatized .
dizziness when standing after bending down .
No matter what happened , I didnt seem to react .
I 'm jittery and feel like I 'm going to jump out of my skin after taking my dose .
My love life suffers due to the lack of sex but it lets me focus on other areas .
The side effects are far less hassle than being in my dark depression
Started at 30mg and increased to 60mg Very bad fatigue Week # 1 then a little less during Week # 2 , especially in afternoons .
I had no idea that it was used for fibromyalgia patients and the lack of pain was noticed before the help with the depression .
It has made my life bearable , but introduced new problems which I never had before .
NO DEPRESSION .
My feelings of depression , which Cymbalta was supossed to fix , were increased and I found myself contemplating sucidial or destructive actions a lot .
Took it for 2 months and felt worse than ever .
I was hit with a lot of side effects of Cymbalta .
I would also wake up in the mornings drained out feeling dizzy , making it real hard for me to get ready and go to work .
Trying to wean off is even worse-the withdrawls are brutal .
I WAS HAVING CHEST PAINS , MY BREATHING WAS SO MESSED UP THAT I WAS HYPERVENTALATING ALL THE TIME NOT TO MENTION PANIC ATTACKS .
Felt tired and slow all day .
used to be so depressed and anxious , that I did n't want to leave the How .
Nausea , stomach upsets .
I have been off work for 8 months .
The first month is rough , but it passes , it surely isnt worse then being scared of being in the kitchen because the knives are sharp .
I was also , initially , very sleepy .
After weaning off Cymbalta , I lost my sense of smell .
I started on 10mg and continued to have anxiety so the dosage was increased .
ive been unable to be in health relationships because of my fears , and would someday like a to jave a decent relationship .
I also gain weight whenever the dose is incerased , and I have TONS of food cravings .
Its great for depression and anxiety , but I would not recommed it due to the horrible side effects and withdrawl symptoms .
When I went down to taking none the withdrawl effects were so bad .
The intial dry mouth and headache went away in a few days .
sexual indifference , dizziness when I miss a dose .
loss of sex drive and ablity , dont care about anything .
Lost 7 lbs the 3 months I was on it ; must have sped up my metabolism too .
Having been involved in a lawsuit with glaxosmithkline due to the effects of paxil withdrawal I am very concerned about stopping this drug .
Libido is decreased .
After nearly a year , I started to feel very very weak and easily tired .
hot sweats , regular powerful muscle aches , loss of sexual libdo , 40 lbs weight gain .
It felt stimulating and made me hyper for quite a while .
It also made me very hungry when I first started it and whenever I increased dosage .
EXTREME sweating , flat feeling , anger , halo around head feeling .
In other words ; I was up for less hours at a time .
i hope i can lose the weight and regain my libido .
Have not slept the whole time I have been on the medication .
Have many dreams , usually bad , that sometimes can not determine from reality .
There were multiple occurances when I attempted to commit suicide .
I 'm no longer worrying about the next time I 'm going to get depressed or have a panic attack .
I screamed at her when the microwave oven blasted the scrambled egg !
I seem to be tired and unmotivated to do anything anymore .
Got fat , hated life .
I 'm slowly gaining back weight I struggled very hard to lose and its driving me even more down in the dumps .
Decrease in Sex Drive , Flat Mood , Sleeplessness .
This morning my jaw felt tight and then I suddenly was hit with an overwhelming feeling of panic .
Takes care of the sugar craving - i used to eat vegies lots and hardly any fruit , now it 's reversed .
within hours of missing a dose .
Vertigo , nauseated , skin crawls , severe headaches , crying spells , brain .
By the way withdrawing is A BAAAAAD .
Occasional dryness of mouth & constipation at first .
The whole day , I thought about dying .
Needing a nap every afternoon just is n't OK for me .
Loose stools , gas , some fatigue soon after dose .
The side effects got to be too much ( headaches everyday , problems sleeping , gained 10 pounds , would lose a handful of hair everyday ) and I weaned myself off of it , only to experience strange seizure-like zaps in my brain that would last for just a second but were very distressing .
Could sleep later without restless legs then slept for another 12hrs .
In the beginning , extreme nausea , digestive upsets .
shakes , very panicky , extremely agitated and nervous , etc .
No sex drive .
sweating , dizziness , severe dry mouth ( coughing all night , ca n't talk without choking ) , itchy scalp , insomnia , constipation , hard stool , gas , racing thoughts , teeth grinding , agitation , severe loss of short term memory , moments of enhanced colors , tired all the time , blurry vision , extreme sensitivity to light and sound , insomnia and drunk feeling caused weak immune system , brief speedy moments periodically followed by extreme fatigue , one good day followed by three days of needing to sleep 15 hours , light headedness , loss of balance , complete loss of sex drive , void of emotion ( And I am a singer songwriter , painter . )
So , if the depression does n't eventually cripple you , the costs will .
I feel very speedy and my heart is racing .
The cravings for sweets are annoying .
I have never in my life had such a hard time getting motivated ( even with anxiety and depression ) .
I have never been a physical person and I do not think twice to hit someone if I am really hurt .
But the side effects I am experiencing are bothersome .
I have been losing hair .
naseau , tiredness , .
After becoming addicted to a second Lundbeck med I refuse to ever use one of its products gain .
In fact , because of Cymbaltas adverse emotional reactions , the inherent inability to get an erection or orgasm that is more the norm in other SSRI medications appears to be even worse with this one .
I found that I just did not care about anyone or anything anymore .
Bad vivid dreams .
Some stomach discomfort occasionally for a few minutes right after taking it .
I was on it for 1 year and than I succesfully weaned off with very mild withdrawal .
Woke up in the middle of the night and could n't fall back asleep .
I MOVE TO FAST AND I WANT TO HUREL .
I took 10 mg for one month and mainly noticed the fatigue as the biggest side effect , once I was upped to 20 mg though all of the other side effects seemed to take hold of my life .
The depression is so terrible that I am very keen to give Lexapro a fair try .
The first couple days are hard for me to even remember what went on .
My anxiety improved slightly for a week , but this week seems to be worse than ever .
The first month is somewhat an experience , with varing degrees of dizziness , nausea , headaches and a feeling of not-being-right .
I did n't feel as lethargic yesterday but did n't go to sleep until 3 a , m .
weight loss at the very beginning .
Waiting for it to kick in fully for anxiety .
I could n't believe the side effects and how harsh they were .
I have gained 10 lbs in 1 month , and am terrified it will continue .
I like the overall way I feel - not too pumped up but not depressed , but the lack of sleep has led me to yet another failed medication .
It did only allow me to think about one subject at a time other than my previous 9,846 thoughts in 2 minutes .
It was determined that the withdrawal of Cymbalta was giving me additional muscle spasms / tinges and I went back on 30 mg of Cymbalta to help with my level 12 pain - and it worked .
I was taking Ativan , Ambien , Atenolol and Lexapro for the anxiety and depression and have quit them all cold turkey .
I was Determined NOT to remain depressed so I first tried 1/2mg ativan followed by an additional dose of 60 mg of cymbalta .
My heart was racing I was cold and hot at the same time .
Have been on it for over 6 years now , and have been trying to come off it for the last 6 months , and even with cutting back very gradually on the dose for months , it has caused dreadful side effects , feeling dizzy and like i am going to vomit all the time , feel spaced out , feel absolutely dreadful .
It might be worth use by others but it is very hard to stop taking it ; not a plus .
felt a little nausea the first day .
grogginess , nausea , dry mouth , frequent urination .
I felt terribly anxious and had heart palpitations I did n't understand .
I should also note that I had no problems with depression ( just normal low moods occasionally ) before I started pe
But the wooziness !
The Effexor did work for my depression while taking Lamictal .
Constipation was awful with a large weight gain that put me out of all clothes save sweats .
I have joint pain and can hardly move .
dont stop taking it all at once because you get really dizzy and feel sick and its not fun .
I have been having terrible withdrawl symtoms almost immedatly after stopping the med , dizziness , headache , nausea , sweating , I went back to the doctor today and got Cymbalta 30 mg tabs ( I had been on 60mg ) and now are being weened gradually while still continuing the Wellbutrin XL .
I feel that I do n't have passion about anything in my life .
VERY vivid dreams to the point of not really knowing what I dreamt and what really happened .
Emotionally I feel great now but went through HELL withdrawal .
I do n't cry about every little thing anymore .
Some mental fogginess in school .
sexual dysfunction , sleeplessness , vivid dreams , yawning .
Really worked great on my general pain & depression .
I find that at night I have a harder time falling asleep and then durring the day im exhausted .
turned into a raging maniac , i had nausea , cold/hot flashes .
Increased craving for alcohol .
Lost 10 pounds .
Sometimes I think the vivid dreaming keeps you from getting quality sleep , However , this medicine has been great-I had anxiety from divorce , new home , new job and dealing with a severely depressed ex-spouse ( who is now on Effexor ) .
vivid dreams , no sex drive , dry mouth , i get sick when i drink alcohol .
My wife can tell when I am off of it , as little things will drive me nuts : barking dogs , annoying habits of others , other drivers , belligerent children .
WEIGHT Gain , complete loss of libido .
Within a few days of taking it , horrible anxiety .
It resolved my depession .
The Lexapro has helped me to keep from dwelling on things I ca n't change .
I had an increase in Libido along with an inability to orgasm , Extremely Frustrating .
Total sexual dysfunction which has continued for six months with no improvement after stopping the medication .
felt like i was inside screaming and nobody could hear me , teeth grinding , sweating like mad , hot hot hot , weight gain , headaches and general feeling of tiredness .
for 2 years , I 've suffered from something called lymphocytic colitis ( my white blood cells attack my colon ) , causing severe diarrhea .
Sleeping more did not affect my sleep schedule .
I have been so depressed for the past 2 years and have not been myslef at sll .
Night sweats ( really annoying ) , loose stool ( no big deal ) , difficulty reaching orgasm when i first when on , then it returned to normal for years , but in the last 6 months orgasm is very elusive again .
It has really helped with my depression .
The biggest complaint I have is the fatigue and loss of sex drive /orgasm and weight gain .
The only side effect that I have now is extremely realistic/vivid dreams .
COMPLETELY DESTROYED SEXUALLY FUNCTIONING .
Side effects so far outweigh the lack of benefits .
Each seems as real as the other , So bizarre !
I can still orgasm it just takes longer .
My side effects from Lexapro are worse than my side effects from Zyprexa , and that 's saying a lot .
Sexual dysfunction is always better than death , though , so it 's been no contest for me , DO N'T QUIT JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE SIDE EFFECTS .
Stomach is in knots , tension in the front part of my head , shakiness , blurred vision .
no sex drive , insane sweating , dizzyness , heart palpatations .
Severe insomnia , weight fluctuations .
I also , agree that if I stop taking the Cymbalta I feel those `` brain zings `` and fuziness , that is withdraw symptoms .
4 ) Weird , ( as in How did that tree get there ?
I lost 25 lbs in 3 wks .
The negative obsessive thoughts playing over and over in my head have disappeared completely .
But I still have bad pain in my right arm , legs and feet , the pain is heaviness and electic shocks .
It was n't until the 3rd week that I started to feel as though I had the flu .
I am tired , have headaches , and do n't really want to take it anymore .
where as I do n't really want to do anything now durring the day .
I have n't experienced any sexual side effects which is a plus but I am really not happy about the weight gain .
It does give you flu like symptoms and they last so long .
insomnia , vivid dreams , syncope , a detached from the body feeling , confusion , restlessness , shaky , trembling .
barely any anxiety or major depression symptoms which has made it easier to deal with the physical side effects .
Decreased libido .
thirsty at times , no labido .
I am feeling some withdrawl now , I cry at anything .
Routine Side Effects for 4 weeks .
Even cutting the dose in half caused me to have SEVERE shocks all day long .
high blood pressure and high pulse .
occasional sleeplessness ; @ 225 mg/day - very difficult to orgasm , not as bad @ lower doses .
I would rather have panic attacks and be depressed than take another pill of Lexapro !
I fell 4 1/2 years ago and broke my right ankle in 3 places and I ended up with RSD .
My weight has stablised and I am seven pounds heavier than I used to be , but I have a decreased appetite .
I also have increased sex drive , more pronounced PMS , and odd sleep patterns .
Difficulty achieving orgasm , less intense orgasm .
hands shake , memory isnt as good .
I have absolutely NO sex drive , but that did n't happen until about a year ago .
It causes heartburn if I take it and lay down , I find that I prefer to take it in the morning anyway for best results with me .
Lack of sex drive , no orgasms .
Used to have severe depression now i dont .
nausea ( at first ) , constipation , dizziness , NEVER sleep , always yawning and tired , very mean , hostile and aggressive when upset about something , very very bad night sweats .
I was very suicidal when put on Lexapro and it helped me relax a great deal , I was so much more happy on it but had to stop taking it due to it causing hair loss and it killed my sex drive and feeling .
Side effects are way to extreme , E-mail me if you have experianced the same things .
Less and less libido and sexual function over the years .
Short term : dizziness , nausea , confusion , and headaches for about 10 days or so .
I started on 30mg and went up to 60mg Could n't tolerate 60mg , it rendered me completely sleepless and with metallic taste in my mouth .
After discussing this drug at great length with my Pdoc , reviewing the research , looking at brain scans etc , we decided this was my best option for managing PTSD symptoms associated with childhood s*xual abuse .
Terrible hostile thoughts ( short term ) and felt could lose control .
My only complaints thus far are my lack of sex drive and my mood can be a little flat at times .
The only side effect I have is occasional tremors , mostly in my hands .
When i quit could not eat for days , nausea feeling sick .
Catatonic , no emotion .
I feel as if my mind is constantly a cool calm pond .
This is a great drug with minimal side effects .
Sleepy , lethargic , zombie like state .
I feel more energetic and my anxiety is now manageable .
Irritability , extreme hosility if I went up on higher doses .
These side effects subsided and I 've been successfully taking the medication for six months .
at first some 'hung-over ' feeling .
Extreme anxiety attacks lasting for 3 full days and nights .
i have noticed increases in my headaches , the front of my brain burns and i 've noticed an increase in suicidal thoughts and anxiety .
my slowed mindset has prevented excessive worrying which caused my feeling sad and pessimistic in the first place .
Nausea is pretty much gone , and my sleep pattern seems to be normalizing now .
Not to mention the acid reflux , having bowel movements 5 times in the morning , abdominal cramping , couldent eat , no appetite .
I almost lost everyone in my life that I loved and cared for simply because I let the pain of depression eat away at me and my relationships with others , This medicine 's side effects are not as bad as living a life filled with doubt .
Pain in minimal though and I feel less anxious and depressed .
I was sleeping at least 9 hours a day and still felt tired upon waking , yawned throughout much of the day , However , over time I felt it was becoming less and less effective .
Insomnia , irregular heartbeat , anxiety times 1000 , suicidal depression .
I have been on effexor for 11 years and it has help me funtion and provide for my family , but I have been really tired and have to contantly fight weight gain .
It took me a full 12 weeks to fully realize how delusional I had become ( as opposed to moderately depressed but not delusional , before taking Cymbalta . )
Slamming beers ( which I have not done for years ) to counteract total feelings of rage and despair !
No longer on an emotional rollercoaster .
Going on it the side effects only lasted about a week .
The side effects were tough to take and it no longer seemed like a good tradeoff .
I used to have one negative thought that would snowball into two etc So with behavioral therapy and 100 mg a day of Zoloft , I was able to feel at ease .
Wake up feeling like I 've sustained a beating and feel like a bad case of the flu is coming on , And , those `` zaps `` . electric shocks that make me feel like my brain quivers in the forward position for a few seconds longer than my skull does when I turn my head .
i stopped taking the lexapro , the anxiety has lightened a little bit , but the crying has n't .
Deep-end mania .
I wish I could give this time to kick in but really I had problems while I was at work today and ca n't do the adjustment period .
Increased fatigue , insomnia accompanied by increased nighttime anxiety , brain zaps , crying spells .
am tired all day long / low energy .
I had no desire or energy to do anything but sleep .
I 'm in the middle of weaning from Effexor XR and adding Cymbalta , since becoming more depressed and anxious recently .
Been off of it for eight months , now bigger , have high BP and pre-diabetes because of the weight gain .
non-existent sex drive .
clenching came on right after taking the dose and would gradually wear off .
extreme lethargy ; hungry more than usual ; weight gain ; zero motivation ; memory issues ( short term memory negatively affected ) ; hopeless ; social anxiety magnified .
It has worked for my depression but the Dr. told me that it would help my RLS .
I 've become more depressed about this and cry every day .
If I was able to finally get to sleep , the sleep was not good .
Too nauseaus to eat anything but a few crackers or some bread .
complete indifference towards sex , inability to get an erection , severe pain in my right jaw , headache , nausea , an odd gag reflex when I yawned , insomnia , feeling of being `` strung out '' .
The depression was n't as bad as the drug !
horrible inability to swallow , shortness of breath , extreme decreased appetite , increase in energy , vivid nightmares , extreme decrease in the amount it takes to get drunk .
Drowsiness .
Forgetting one dose , and I was nautious and disoriented , with numb and tingly skin , brain shivers , crazed appetite ( minimal to excessive ) .
I have also noticed that my mood has improved and I 'm not weepy like before .
I still have a hard time getting up in the morning .
I have a hot flash type of feeling the first few hours after taking it .
night sweats , yawning , vivid dreams ( but not bad ones ) ; the first week felt dizzy ; slightly reduced libido but more difficulty in reaching orgasm .
Nausea ; vomiting ; suicidal thoughts ; slight schizophrenia ; tremors ; increased anxiety ; agitation resulting in violent thoughts ; psychosis .
I struggle to wake up in the morning , after finally getting to sleep .
I wish I had never started taking it , Terrible fatigue , malaise , asthma , lump in lower intestinal wall , sinus problems , muscles bones and joints so sore I cry .
Over the 10 years , it has done a great job at lowering my anxiety and evening me out .
Neither Paxil nor Wellbutrin had any significant effect on my depression .
flatulence , loose stools , and a really good reaction in evey day life .
so far , seems to be helping keep my mood more stable but I do notice a kind of deadening of emotions - I know that was a concern of mine before when I took it .
Please take heed , vomiting , muscle twitches , anxiety , bad thumping headache .
While I have been on Effexor , I have identified side effects like asexuality - also , other sexual side effects ; including : Ejaculation problems , and reduced climax intensity .
The only side effect that 's really concerned me is the sexual one .
constipation , aching muscles in both legs and fatigue .
As a result surely of prior conditions , but I do feel in part because of the drug or its jittery side effects , I 've been unable to stop weeping for the past hour .
I have been on a downward spiral since going off zoloft , to the point that my doc has me on 2-3 mg of Xanax a day .
Slight apathy and abscent-mindedness ( I make lots of typos , etc ) .
Had a headache too .
dripping in sweat all the time , extreme fatigue , mucus coming out of my anus , feeling like I have to have a bowel movement several times an hour , constipation , and my depression is the same as when I was n't on it .
Gained 40 pounds .
jaw-lock , muscle tightness , dehydration and dry mouth .
Feel disconnected from my emotions , apathetic , no creativity or motivation , ca n't focus , Extremely tired , loss of appetite , slight twitching , agitated , slight abdominal pain .
Getting off of Cymbalta has been very difficult .
its all I want to do , however , unable to rest for more than an hour at a time .
feels like my brain is riding a wave every once in a while
No sexual side effects , but it has not helped my anxiety or depression at all .
I had to be hospitalized within a day for severe vomiting , & electrolyte imbalance s .
Zoloft , whereas it 's not a cure helps to relieve my anxiety / depression or in the worst case helps to make it manageable .
Unfortunately , the side effects began to be too much for it to be worth it .
I have not had sex for 6 months which is putting a strain on the relationship .
nausea , tremor .
greatly decreased libido .
This is the most awful feeling !
Headache , dry mouth , dizziness , chronic fatigue , increased appetite , stiffed jaw , decreased libido , weight gain , brain fog .
but now I 'm really depressed at
lethargic , unusual dreams , yawning , difficulty reaching orgasm .
finally attributing to lexapro , atleast at this dosage/ Very apathetic and have gained 20lbs easily .
This drug helped me for a while , it is powerful and addictive , and its half life is short , thus weaning yourself from it is an agony .
had a very strange reaction to this drug , one which some people also seem to experience .
I took this for two months , hoping that the side effects would ease .
Also very low libido and anorgasmic ( difficulty achieving orgasm ) .
I awoke on day 4 with nausea and listlessness .
Made me gain a quick 15 pounds .
The sweating stopped , I still have diarreha , and nausea and pain all over my body .
I felt out of control , & disorientated .
none of these side effects bad enough to discontinue drug so far .
Irritability , sleeplessness .
The excessive sweating seems to have stopped about a week ago , sex drive has been as great as always , and right now at 5mg Lex with 1 1/2 mg of Alprazolam a day .
I sat with my head over the toilet vomiting whilst slurring random words and throwing toiletries at the people who surounded me .
These adverse effects are horrific and make it very difficult to function for a period of at least 2 weeks .
I also had a pleural effusion and was hospitalized for over a day .
wight gain , water retention , vivd dreams/ nightmares , crying , shaking , brain tremors or shocks , ( iseriously do not know how to adequtly describe it but it is debilitating ) , leg twitching , arm twitching , blurred vision , eye strain , think things hapened that really din not ! , believe dreams to be true the next day , crying , memory loss , confusion , my husband has no compassion to my withdrawal symptoms .
I have FINALLY figured out that I am having an extreme allergic reaction to Cymbalta .
Grind teeth at night , strange dreams , tired , can not miss a single dose or I feel awful , withdrawn , moody , and have begun to see them in my stool .
I felt an almost instant change with this drug , but ended up spending a lot of time in bed feeling tired and indifferent instead of going to class .
Exhaustion , horrible anxiety , crying , unable to work or function .
I started taking zoloft for depression and insomnia .
I am in control of my emotions , and I think I see things the way they actually are , rather than skewed by depression and anxiety , However , I 've experienced several instances when I forgot to take my EffexorXR when I went to bed ( which is when I take it with vitamins ) -and by the time I woke up in the morning .
I finally took myself off and have been experiencing significant dizziness to the point of being concerned about driving .
At first I had super dry mouth and wanted to sleep forever .
I did n't truly feel , or really care about things I had a passion for .
Suddenly stopping can cause jitters and loss of sleep .
I also found that after the initial period of appetite & weight loss , my appetite went back to normal & I have since gained quite a bit of weight .
I can handle the side effects because I 've felt so good over the past month .
No impressive mood benefits , just drawbacks : the most notable was irritability everyday with a general negative outlook and being easily angered .
Sometimes I feel zombie-like , like life is out of focus .
It was n't really helpful for my depression , but then again none of the SSRIs were .
Sometimes counseling just isnt enough to battle having little confidence in your self and a depressed attitude about life .
BUT OH MY GOD , THE HEAD ACHES . SENCEITIVITY TO LIGHT AND MOVEMENT .
Called in sick to work because I was feeling dizzy and nauseous , sweaty hands , decreased appetite , numbness in the back of my head , sore neck , keep feeling like I need to stretch , feeling disconnected , at the same time got a body buzz and an overall calm feeling .
HUGE costipation , somnolence , loss of libido .
Before taking Lexapro , I was having panic attacks at least twice a week .
I can not orgasm during intercourse and I 've tried everything .
My doctor recommended switching the Eff to Cymbalta , because of this deeper , developing depression .
weight gain .
It helped get rid of the depression yet I still felt completely myself - not like a zombie at all .
Full blown hallucinations .
ca n't cry .
I do not think Lexapro gave me any seriously adverse side effects .
I had some minor gastrointestinal issues .
Complete loss of sexual function , personality disorder , `` brain freeze `` ( Google for more info ) ; others too numerous to mention ( and which I 'm trying to forget ! ) .
not worth the loss of sex drive or ability to have an orgasm , ever !
I have to take Adderall XR in combination with the Effexor just to keep me awake during the day because if i do n't , i absolutely ca n't function ; I will literally just sleep all the time , to the point where it truly can disrupt my life at times .
Weird dreams is honestly the only good thing about this drug for me .
Near the end of the two weeks I could feel my frustration as a sort of dull , heavy ache in my stomach , but I could n't do anything about it because I was basically numb , a nonsexual being .
Loss of appetite , constipation , tiredness , loss of emotional capabilities aka zombie , general numbness , lack of sexual interest .
I remember the first four days on the drug were weird : I felt jittery and a little elated , rather like the opening to a hallucinogenic drug .
No discernible effect on the depression after 8 weeks at recommended therapeutic dosage of 60 mg/day , at which point we decided that due to the already-present undesirable side effects , it would be a bad idea to try increasing the dose further .
I do n't lose my temper , go into ranting raging fits anymore .
Initial side effects included period tremors , mainly in my hands , that went away after I had been on the med for a few weeks .
I have been on Avanza ( 60mg ) for about 18 months , and the doctor recently recommended adding 75mg of Efexor in the morning , and reducing the Avanza to 30mg at night , First day ( Wednesday ) was fine , second day ( Thursday ) i started getting anxiety attacks every couple of hours , leading up to around lunchtime when i found myself to be extremely agitated and in a permanent state of anxiety , the likes of which i have never experienced before .
Woke up with massive headache , felt like hit by truck , hungover-like .
Really very few side effects-I think it 's great .
As others have said , the withdrawals happen very quickly - I get pins and needles in my face and tongue ( how bizzarre ! )
Slowing of cognitive thoughts , constipation ( mild ) .
Sweating , clenched jaw , teeth grinding , sleep disorder ( fall asleep quickly , sometime insomnia , Nausea .
When I wake up sad , I do n't spiral into a full blown depression .
I wanted to die .
Less depression , although still had low-moderate level at times , but could n't `` feel '' much of anything .
Yes I had some minor side effects but my quality of life was vastly improved while I was on this medication .
My lips become numb .
My anxiety is much improved .
anxiety , o
I have had some weight gain , however my weight normally changes based on the time of year .
nausea in the morning , hot all the time all day long , long very detailed dream s like watching a movie , shortness of breath , fatigue , some night sweats , not feeling happy or sad , just dont care , at first was in a good mood no irritability but currently having mood swings , o
I wanted to end my life and zoloft really has helped me kick the depression and suicidal thoughts .
Just switched to Pristiq and hope to get rid of weight and regain sexual desire .
I lost touch with all my friends because I have no interest in seeing them .
Changed my primary care Dr , had tests on my heart , ultra sound in legs , so now I have fast heart rate , poor circulation .
LIKE 24/7 , & I HAVE PUT ON AT LEAST 30 LBS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS , ALTHOUGH I HAVE NOT CHANGED MY EATING HABITS .
Facing the possibility of a lifetime with no sexual enjoyment ( and the impaired relationships this implies ) has been devastating .
Until I woke up nauseous , as soon as I ate I was fine , 2nd day : no side effects .
Consequently , I was placed on anti-depressants to counteract the side effects of pain medication , and also because the constant pain sucked the life out of me .
and if a dose is missed , wow , the dreams and pyschedelic 'views ' the mind kicks out when eyes are closed are absolutely incredible , scary , affects you the next day , etc Who needs to go to the movies ?
Clumsy and at first gave me tons of energy but I think that was the increased anxiety .
Have been off work for 8 months due to the effects of Zoloft .
Did n't cry at my own sister 's funeral !
Excessive perspiration , Erectile dysfunction .
Tried to up dose to the recommended 10 mg. but side effects did not seem to lessen with time .
stayed awake for the first week or so .
I will deal with the side effects any day for how Effexor has changed my life for the better .
12 ) Depressed ( as in Whats the use ? ) .
ended up physch primary care with it .
I was so happy that it did control my Pain But , since I am comming off of this medication cold Turkey , the side effects are Horrific !
Over all I 'd say these side effects are much easier go deal with than before & am very happy to be on the route to a steady , happy life !
Really I have n't noticed any side effects when taking it but a bit of sleepiness initially .
Nausea , diarrhea , upset stomach , dry mouth , sleepiness .
Never experienced a panic attack until AFTER taking only 4 doses ( 25 mg. ) of this medication .
If I dont take the medicine at the same time every day or forget a day , I will expreience withdraw and its horrible !
increased resting heart rate , loss of appetite in the beginning but went back to normal after 2 months , mild constipation , vivid dreams when dosage was increased to 150mg , difficult to wake up but more energy when awake .
headache .
I did go off for a month and the inappropriate anger came right back so now I 'm thinking of sw itching to another SSRI that does n't cause back pain , cysts and itching , not to mention wanting to sleep 13 hours a night .
I am taking 5 mg. Can orgasm easily so far ( I 've been checking ) , If anything , my appetite 's diminished , But it 's only been 6 days , and I expect things will change .
Mild withdrawal symptoms are dizziness , irritability , and upset stomach .
Intially worked great for pain .
stopped using lexapro for 4 months or so and became extremely depressed again .
Diarrhea for two weeks .
Gained 65lbs while on 20mg , and about 30lbs while on 10mg , Since i 've been off it , i 've lost 13lbs so far ( only been 3 weeks ) .
Took me over a month to get rid of the withdrawal .
Increased sweatiness , extremely oily skin and acne , weight gain , strange dreams , alternating insomnia and then fatigue , and constipation .
I can go out with friends again without suffering extreme anxiety I can sleep at night easily and naturally Overall it 's a very good drug .
I have been experiencing insomnia due to it , but with 25mg of Trazodone , that 's evened out wonderfully .
Extreme fatigue , difficulty waking up , emotional numbness / detachment , inability to concentrate , forgetfulness , lack of interest in ANYTHING except sleep , inability to reach orgasm with a partner , weakness , excessive urination , dizziness .
I can sit for hours day in and day out with no interest in usual pastimes .
Do n't know what to do , Do n't want the depression or to have someone else step in to act `` on my best interest '' but need to resolve anxiety issues .
Still depressed , some times worse than others .
It 's called PSSD : post-SSRI sexual dysfunction .
first day or two- felt `` out of it '' , extreme fatigue , Currently ( 3 wks ) , I am having bruising , hair loss , fatigue , ca n't sleep through the night , increased anxiety when I wake , jaw clenching , and difficulty having orgasm .
that is increased anxiety .
I have to take an additional medication for anxiety .
Had 2 panick attacks while on Zoloft , quit taking the drug and have not had any more attacks , but now I am dealing with the fear of when/where the next one will take place .
didnt want to eat first two weeks , cant sleep , felt sick when working out / shaking .
I also feel very , very groggy in the mornings and have to force myself out of bed , but once I 'm up , the grogginess fades pretty quickly and I actually have energy throughout the day .
I did lose weight on effexor .
The side effects have been very minor for me .
I 've gained 10 lb of pure fat in the past year , Literally FAT .
was very tried until I started taking concerta for add .
I felt like I was always in a bad hash high and scarily disconnected from my body .
I could barely move or get out of bed .
If I forget even a single day of this medicine I feel completely gone the next .
in the past two months have had three severe colds that start with flu-like symptoms and then have severe congestion lasting a couple of weeks .
AND CALLED 911 ) I started on 10 and I felt very depressed still , actually worse , panicky and extremely anxious , then the pdoc doubled my dose to 20 !
It 's signifigant to note that I had been wearing a night guard that was supposed to protect the teeth during this past year .
Major constipation ; fiber does not help .
tight jaw , elevated blood pressure ( went away ) , electric shocks in head on higher doseof 225mg , twitching in my sleep , hard to cry , need more sexual stimulation to orgasm , blurry vision .
`` Cold '' sweat , flu-like symptoms .
Yesterday , Christmas day began with a crying episode that I could NOT shake for several hours that included hopelessness in a major way .
Side effects have relented a bit into the second month .
i think there are better drugs out there now to treat anxiety and depression , this drug has far too many side effects for anyone to feel comfortable taking it .
I lost a job spiraled into depression and anxiety .
Suicidality increased dramatically in the first three weeks .
I took it this morning at 8am and by 10 I was feeling off , by 1pm I had to go home .
Vertigo , nausea , muscle aches , flu-like symptoms , diarreha .
have experinced headaches alot when i wake up mainly , increased appiette , weight gain of course .
Ended up having to have a pacemaker put in because of the heart fibrillation .
Extreme Weight Gain 30 pounds .
ca n't be sure since I am on many RX 's but I think weight gain other than that nothing .
While on the medication I would experience painful shocks through out my body when I would miss a dose even by an hour .
2 months ago , started on EFFEXOR XR 75mg depression kept getting worse moved up to 150mg , more stable , dont cry any more .
I was always hot .
An increase in dose caused insomnia , went back down , no problems .
NO SEX DRIVE whatsoever , insomina , no motivation , lack of energy .
For the first two weeks I could not drive and could barely leave my bed .
The worst side effect that I still expirience are : Libido is nonexistan .
It was the time of my exams at university , and unfortunately I was unable to think and concentrate on anything and therefore failed .
I have intense sweating , sleep disturbances , feeling spacey and dizzy , sleeping 2-3 hours during the day because of `` brain fuzz `` .
The primary `` side effect '' for me is a CONSTANT ringing ( buzz ) in the ears .
I also notice not worrying so much anymore about things .
At the very beginning of taking Effexor XR ( 75 mg ) I had more energy , sweaty palms , jittery legs , hot flashes .
Since being on Lexapro my depression has lifted .
Fainted at work , hit my head and had to go to ER again .
I battled for a long time if I should seek meds as a solution to my depression , and after one year and one dose increase to 100mg I feel like a person who is on top of my game .
With my depression everything stays jumbled up in my head and Lexapro helps me sort it all out .
this drug works well for my dad with unipolar major depression .
Before , people always made me nervous , anxious or just uncomfortable in some way .
I 'm afraid that the mild addiction will be enough to keep me on them forever , even if I show signs of recovery .
First three days nausea , mild trembling feeling , no appetite .
Extremely tired , low motivation and energy .
I had a previous bad experience with Zoloft 10 yrs ago when a dr. misdiagnosed my hypothryroidism for depresssion instead .
Only problem is this med makes me slightly irritable to sounds , sudden talking or disturbances ever so slight as they may be while I 'm trying to work .
At first i yawned constantly and had dry mouth but over time it stopped , and weight loss .
I had balance issues , and would get the shakes before my second dose .
high cholesterol , sweating , decreased appetite .
i either wan na go out or stay in bed .
Have also had to supplement with Imipramine due to anxiety ( I 've also noticed a weird increase in my blood sugar sensitivity , and find myself getting tired and much more irritable than usual if I skip a meal . ) .
I spent over sixty years depressed before .
The first two or three days , I felt dizzy and tired .
I often wonder whether these medications `` pooping out '' for about 30 % of people is a clue to the underlying biological cause of depression , Ultimately , I 'd like to find others that work so I can switch between them when one stops working , However , I 'm yet to find another one that works .
since taking cymbalta i av gained 14lbs which i CANT loose no matter how hard i try , im also craving carbs & binge eating which iv neva done b4 ) i av also found that when training @ gym my joints r weaker & i av 2 wear supports .
Constant bad headaches and nauseau .
Vivid dreams , and remember them in such great detail !
Help with anxiety and depression ( bipolar related ) Had dry mouth for a month when first starting it , None
When trying to decrease dose gradually , dizziness , migraines , head spinning , brain zaps , body weakness , nightmares .
Weight gain , insomnia , heart pains , dizziness , suicidalness , zero sex drive , numbness .
PLEASE - be careful with Cymbalta and all other SSNRIs/SSRIs , report all side effects , withdraw VERY SLOWLY - dizziness , `` brain zaps `` , blackouts are inevitable result of withdrawing too quickly from all of this class , ONE MUST SHAVE PILLS DOWN BY CRUMBS IN DECREASING DOSE OVER LONG PERIOD OF TIME WHEN WITHDRAWING , A MG. AT A TIME - IF THIS IS NOT FOLLOWED CLOSELY , DANGEROUS AND UNPLEASANT WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME ( SEROTONIN SYNDROME ) RESULTS , AS SO MANY OF US HAVE REPORTED AND ARE FAMILIAR WITH !
I eventually struggled with whether it was withdrawal or the original problem , but then at my lowest point I decided to take 12.5mg and within two hours EVERY problem went away .
trouble sleeping -still depressed .
under statement of the year SEXUAL PROBLEMS !
And a feeling of eminent doom 24/7 ) Like you just saw a dog get hit by a car .
weight gain ( 50+ pounds ) high blood pressure skin problems tiny wounds would not heal for months , frequently developed into skin infections ( e. g. from acne ) immune system problems loss of interest in all activities loss of interest in relationships extreme fatigue wanted to sleep all the time could not feel happiness or joy continued to feel depression , have suicidal thoughts under stress .
I had pain all over my body !
It did work well for my depression , but reading these make me wonder about other things that have been going on - like the pins & needles I attributed to some other mystery .
I 'm so drowsy , I walk as if had 5 bottles of vodka .
Other than that , nothing - until week 3 when I all of the sudden experienced moderate nause a/vomiting and pretty good dizziness constantly .
Easy as that , And DUH- withdrawal is gon na suck .
The side effects got better after 2 months .
Short term memory loss .
Nausea on the first day , nightmares , racing heart , unable to have orgasm .
I can not see that this drug has helped much and I am not willing to continue given the side effects I am experiencing .
Is there a smaller dose than 30 mg that might lower the anxiety and sleepiness ?
I was taking 10 mg. After a lifetime of perfect dental checkups and having beautiful teeth , I now have 50 percent bone loss in my jaw because of the teeth grinding .
I took 10mg for the first time last night before bed and I could barely sleep .
weight gain , hairloss , hallucinations , back pain , muscle spasms , numbness in hands .
I only experience a little nausea / dizziness if I miss a dose .
After trying all others , this drug has given me a sense of calm and feeling of contentedness that I never knew others lived with Unfortunately , I also experienced drastic wieght gain of 25 lbs within 6 months and it is still going .
changed from effexor , which solved my depression and anxiety , because I started sleeping all of the time after being on it for about 10 months .
I definitely do n't think the good outweighs the bad .
Every one reacts different to medication but the side effects are so bad that I am going to call dr. To stop taking it .
Spent 2 months cutting down dose , final withdrawal off of 30 mg dose was agony emotionally and physically for weeks .
My hair has been falling out , my under eyes are so black from being so weak .
Oh , and did I mention the vivid dreams and nightmares .
I am sleeping more deeply now , without the intense anxious dreams that I had on the drugs .
hot flashes , drowsy all of the time , brain fog , inability to concentrate , loss of sex drive , weight gain , constipation , muscle cramps , eye floaters .
And there is a chance that it will give you PSSD , which as the name suggests persists even after you stop taking the drug , Just google 'PSSD ' and you 'll see what I mean , So please : NEVER take this drug , not even one tablet .
Having vision problems .
Initially constipation but it went away after a few weeks .
I took this medicine for about a month , and during that month I did not sleep more than 5 hours a night .
I had never experienced a fatigue like that before , and it can be very dibilitating .
Lethargy , significant effects on short-term memory to the point it was affecting my ability to work efficiently .
My life is easier , lighter , I 'm capable of working out the issues that lead me to depression , when before all I could do was cry .
Experienced extreme carb craving , and bizarre urge to consume alcohal all the time .
The withdrawl symptoms are horrible if you miss a dose .
Much less pain , a little headache now and then .
Dry mouth , nausea and mild memory loss .
I will admit that this medicine helped me initially , but trying to go off of it is a horrible experience .
nausea , diarrhea , sweating , head in the clouds , stoned feeling .
When I first tried Cymbalta , I stopped after a week or two because I was so angry , I was biting off everyone 's head .
Withdrawal is unbearable .
It worked for my anxiety for a year and then it stopped .
5 ) Still had several months during the year when I was fatigued and too tired to function .
This occurs almost exclusively when I am over-tired .
Body tremors , Low sex drive , Difficulty getting an erection , Loss of need to socialize , and Weight gain .
I have a long history of depression and anxiety .
Increased to 20mg 3 months ago and it fully resolved my depression .
The last week or two I 've been feeling nausea all day , mostly due to the dizziness , Everyone 's different though , and you should probably give it a try , others are having luck .
You CAN NOT miss a dose or you will be sicker than you 've ever been in withdrawal .
Sometimes I sleep so deep , that I ca n't even wake up to use the bathroom .
emotionless , Zombie effect .
After a few weeks , extreme apathy and lack of initiative /drive/motivation .
It has not helped my hypersomnia - I can still sleep for up to 14 hours a day .
Reading through this yes the side effects have been awful and pretty persistent but I 'll now explain below .
Some bouts of sudden depression and anxiety while on it .
I am supposed to go to 60mg in two days but after reading the reports of the great difficulty in getting off Cymbalta - I am going to stop taking it before it gets even worse .
I have gained 15 lbs in about 3 months .
weight gain , sexual dysfunction , nausea .
WEIGHT GAIN !
Please anyone does this go if so when , can you ever sleep , feel so low have to take dizapan to sleep and thats not good long tern please email me thanku
it helped with my depression and some with my anxiety , but i gained 35 lbs !
Ongoing loss of appetite , insomnia , jittery feeling , increased anxiety and depression .
Cymbalta has helped with depression , but I 've had better success with much less , unpleasant side effects from other medications , and soon I will be switching back .
Terrible night sweats ( most nights ) , non-existent libido , concentration difficulties , unbearable discontinuation syndrome if I miss a tablet .
GAD is generalized anxiety disorder and depression , is well , depression .
I know your not suppose to drink when on these meds , but I honestly feel the dull boring mood this drug created for me drove me to .
It 's not like a sore stomach , but it feels like your abdomen is tensed up , which I initially mistook for a sign of additional anxiety , However , according to my doctor this tension in the stomach area is purely a chemical reaction to the medicine and not connected with an emotional state .
Constipation was a problem for a few weeks as well .
Felt flat and no interest in life , Did n't make me any happier or less anxious .
I feel like right side of my brain is numb , neck hurts horribly , and I 'm short winded .
I was already taking Wellbutrin but the depression was the worst I had ever had and doctor added the cymbalta 30 mg a day .
I lost my job and will have to find another one .
Diarrhea , which can be extremely annoying , but I am figuring ways to minimize it ( taking it on a full stomach is helping ) .
These drugs both had similar side effects to Cymbalta and hard to withdraw from with bad withdrawal symptoms the only difference is the Endep knocked me out at night and I slept well , only very drousy and tired during the day , sexual disfunction just the same .
Trying to come off of the medication is very difficult .
I never felt at ease or comfortable , I was constantly on edge and wanted to cry .
Horrible insomnia , highly depressive and suicidal feelings , inability to orgasm , loss of energy , exhaustion .
I was without Cymbalta for about 4 days , and I felt horrible .
This drug has made me feel really stupid and I find myself at aloss for words quite often - simply because I ca n't think of the right words to use .
For a week , I had horrible suicidal thoughts and mood swings , which eventually went away .
I have lots of neck problems ( DDD , herniation , stenosis , etc ) so I thought the severe pain in my hands and arms was the result of that .
I took so many short naps , but nothing helped .
This medication has turned my life around ; I 'd been suffering from moderate to severe depression for decades and was afraid to take antidepressents until my doctor convinced me to at least try Zoloft for a while .
extreme anxiety first 2 weeks .
I started low , 25 mg 's the first 7 days , then increased to 50 ) The first couple of days were rough with the insomnia but when that cleared up I felt fine , like I was n't taking anything .
Cymbalta has definately helped me with nerve/muscle pain and with depression .
I could hardly get out of bed I would have lost my job , because I had already called in to work a bit and was unable to function before I started lexapro .
I also have a horrible mountain dew addiction , but my weight gain has been small and my clothes still fit so I am not all that upset .
finding it really hard to cope on this , have to take something to make me sleep , force myself to eat .
Felt like I was sitting in a chair watching the world go by .
Six hours after my first small ( 25mg ) dose I had diarrhea .
Hard to be motivated , Increased appetite .
I was severly depressed and breast-feeding my son so this was the only option I had at the time ( it is considered safe for nursing babies ) .
The side effects were almost immediate .
I also have had a lot of gas and some constipation .
nausea , gases , diarrhea , eructation , o
SEVERE night sweats and increased sweating during the day , and somewhat difficult ( but not impossible ) to reach orgasm .
Dizziness , Dry mouth , Yawning .
at first had some anxiety and still have insomnia , usually after sleeping only 4 hrs .
I confused the awful side effects for feeling more depressed & more anxious , so my doctor upped my dose .
Nausea , Insomnia , Constipation , Crying , Dry Mouth , Sexual , `` Speeding `` , Worsening Depression , Thoughts of Suicide , Jaw Clenching , Heart Racing .
Intense feelings meaning whenever I was happy , I was extremely happy and sad I was extremely depressed and crying .
The side effects alone make my previous bouts of depression seem pleasant .
Had dry mouth for a few days , it might have aggravated a stomach problem I already had but I 'm not sure .
nausea about 4 hours after taking the med lasting rest of the day , sweating in the face , severe constipation .
Slight headache , upset stomach , decreased libidio but able to climax , slight increase in anxiety in the begining , increased dreaming .
After about two weeks , the side effects settled down and I thought I was doing alright .
Heart burn .
This adversely affected every aspect of my life - personal & financial .
vivid nightmares , night sweats , loss of libido , other sexual dysfunction s , horrible withdrawel symptons , very little emotions regarding sinificant others , still have sleeping problems but i do n't think effexor made it worse .
I tend to sleep longer in the morning .
Initial-brain zaps , headache , fatigue : all went away after 2 weeks Later-Weight gain .
weight gain , dry mouth , decreased libido .
Also made me extremely angry .
Going off it was hell too .
I was wondering if anyone else has experienced the bruising and terrible joint pain .
nausea , dizziness , spaciness , lack of coordination , massive headache in morning that lasts all day , feeling generally `` hungover `` , lack of energy /motivation , dry mouth , jaw clenching , Dr. prescribed this to `` give me a better outlook , engergy , and be able to face the day '' because of depression related to death of parents/divorce/job cut/ and resulting overwhelming responsibilities related to those factors .
My hair would be drenched by the time I got to work in the morning - even with the AC on in the car .
I 'm stepping down slowly and even doing that , I 've experienced dizzyness , headaches .
if i missed more than two doses in a row i 'd be a total mess , 300mg daily .
I have had a loss of sex drive , Also .
About a week later , however , the withdrawal hit and it was HORRIBLE .
Insomnia , dizzy , anxiety , dry mouth , muscle aches , lack of concentraction , memory loss , whole body is numb .
Stomach discomfort , initially some night sweats , jaw clenching .
I experienced weight gain and loss of sex drive .
I will also get the brain zaps , electrical shocks if I 'm just lying in bed .
It really helped a lot , though my anxiety is still present it is not crippling like it used to be .
I WANT TO ANY ONE TO PLEASE DO NO TAKE THIS VERY ADDICTING MED .
Poor short term memory , Low motivation .
After the first 3 weeks , the nightmares began , and became increasingly gorey and horrific , to the point I would become paranoid .
I have been on Cymbalta for almost a week and have been in bed the entire time .
shaky , weak , felt like I was going to faint if I stood at all .
If this head pressure will go away , I think I would be able to cope much better .
If you have an `` inner critic `` , it takes that voice away and you feel like you 're allowed to feel happy again .
i havnt noticed that much of a change in my anxiety .
drowsiness , delirium , constipation , fatigue , weakness , listlessness , insomnia .
The depression was not as bad as I feel on this medication .
everything I mentioned to the point where I ca n't function .
Loose stool , loss of sex drive , headaches .
But into the 3rd week I began to wake in the night with very scary heart palpitations .
Nausea ( for about 1 week ) , headaches , brain `` zaps '' occasionally , extreme sleepiness , vivid dreams , loss of sex drive .
Although I took my missed dose this afternoon , the symptoms are lingering , Rather disturbing , and I wonder how the hell I 'm going to get off this stuff , But Lexy 's different for everyone , and it certainly has helped out with my anxiety .
I was so excited to start it as I was on Effexor for years but it had negative effects on my BP .
None at first , but over time I realized 1 ) I had gained 50 lbs in the last 3 years , 2 ) I had anxiety attack s that I previously never had , 3 ) Restless Leg Syndrome , 4 ) Sweaty and HOT nearly all of the time .
Jittery , clenching/ grinding teeth , insomnia , lack of libido .
Low dose ( 20 mg ) One weird side effect I had was an occasional feeling of heaviness in my calves that gradually increased and became painful , almost like the blood was pooling in my legs .
Side effects were awful - antibiotics for ulcers and ear ache , stomach cramps , period screwed up .
only problem so far is vertigo .
started out on 60mg , which was a way too high dosage to start out on- lay on my bed for 2 days staring at the ceiling , not being able to move ; also experienced blurred vision , nausea , excessive sleepiness , yet inability to sleep - Was so paranoid after this episode that I did n't take it for a month again , but t my doctor recommended that I rather slowly get used to the drug , taking 30 mg every second day , and gradually increasing the dosage - Second time round the side effects in the first week were minimal and even quite pleasant- had so much energy that I could get by with 4 hours sleep .
Unless you want to be a walking zombie
Decreased appetite ( which is a plus to me ) , increased libido .
I was very happy in how it dealt with my depression .
I feel better but I still havnt noticed any change in my energy or anxiety but the doctor said it could take a few weeks before I would get the full effects but Im really happy with the results so far .
The withdrawal side effects is worse than the starting side effects .
not really my self sex drive gone sad things can happen and my tears arent there , my weight gain over the years ( 5 yrs ) 60 lbs now im dibetic and my cholestrol is high in part from being so lazy now from taking this med tried to wean off and i cant do it the side effects are horrible dizzy , my eyes dont work right , nausea .
I would hate to stop the cymbalta but have gone up 3 pant sizes !
People look at you strange when you wear short sleeves in 40 degree weather .
EXTREME DRY MOUTH , but not until I was taking it for over 4 years .
Impossible to concentrate , no desire to do anything .
I used to worry about everything , Problems do n't seem so overwhelming .
Worst side effect of this med is insomnia .
I can not think , spell , or follow through on simple tasks .
Lost all of my energy .
weight gain , spaced-out / zombie-like / '' dream '' -like feeling , sweating , increased appetite , sleep too deep .
in that time i had strange feelings almost like i was on a high at times .
only experienced side effects such as Nausea for the first week or two of taking this medication .
Decreased Libido .
I was rapid cycling between being `` okay '' and crying uncontrollably about nothing , my anxiety was absolutely awful , I had a headache from hell , I was irritable and actually ANGRY at everyone and everything in spite of never having an anger problem in my life , and everything felt hopeless to me .
Initially helped with depression but after a while just felt spaced out and tired all the time .
I feel nauseous alot and my depression and social anxiety has returned almost 100 % .
Promotes seizures .
Disturbed sleep , exhaustion , nausea , dizzyness , jaw-clenching and increased anxiety .
Without antidepressants I am sure I would have kiled myself by now .
Lost some weight , keeps me from eating like I was .
loss of libido , drowsiness .
I have given this drug an adequate trial time and I feel that it has not helped my depression .
low sex drive , weight gain , headache , irritable bowel , fatigue , spaciness .
major weight gain and constipation .
Memory loss , sweating .
Yawning , which subsided after a few weeks .
I also have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome so my Dr. was hoping it would lift my depression and help me to regulate my sleep cycle and get up earlier in the morning .
Insomnia , tension , somnolence , loss of memory , jaw movements .
I would rather live like this though than be in a fog .
Friday i was in two minds about taking the pill , but did it anyway , and the anxiety just did n't stop .
slight sexual problems , delayed ejaculation .
The lasting ones : decrease in appetite , change in food cravings - from carbs to sugar - down 2 sizes : ) this is a weird one .
I have n't noticed any positive changes and the side effects are horrible .
Absolutely no libido !
WEIGHT GAIN DESPITE REDUCED CALORIE INTAKE , frequent nausea , vivid dreams to the point that is difficult to wake from them , head rush that made me think I was having a stroke , disassociation , spaciness , horrible withdrawal symptoms-so NOT quit suddenly or on your own .
It 's like a false sense of peace .
It gives me really vivid dreams , where I sometimes wake up , and have to remind myself what is reality , and what is just a dream .
At 15 mg , nothing , but depression was not completely under control .
I hardly remember .
Lack of feeling for anything , just lived day by day .
More recently , I have experienced dizziness when standing , especially after I get out of the car .
The effexor worked great at first and then slowly i started to sleep more and feel more and more depressed , I also started having weird behavior .
extreme nausea , migraines , lethargy , loss of libido , flu-like symptoms .
Horrible insomnia , shakes , the `` brain shivers `` many talk about , and I could n't sit still .
Night sweats , constipation , taking longer to climax during sexual intercourse .
I have not taken the effexor since Friday morning , it is now Monday and i am JUST starting to lose the anxiousness , not to mention the feeling of total exhaustion and loss of sleep .
I choose to stay on Cymbalta because of it 's wonderful help with my joint pain .
They alter your thinking , and basically just mask the problem .
Hard time focusing and if I miss dose look out .
Took a while to have an effect on mood obviously , but side-effects alarming : sudden migraines which I had had very infrequently before .
Initially I felt a little worse ( I already felt very wretched ) but from past experience I knew that would clear if I could fight through it .
The `` speed '' side effect was very unusual , and I could see it casuing addiction in some people .
After reading the other posts here , I can now see what I thought was signs of depression is actually side effects of the drug .
Did n't have depression under control until I added Lithium 300 mg as adjunct .
The depression took about for months after to come back , Not pleasant .
Side effects were apparent almost immediately ( except weight gain which happened gradually , but drastically accumulated-never been this heavy before in my life ) .
I have n't had any episodes or panic attacks since I started it , except for a three day period when I could n't get my prescription refilled , so went without .
tired all the time , no sex drive , unable to reach orgasm , did n't care about a thing , And , if you think the side effects are hell , just wait until you try and go off it , OMG , the nightmares , the insane DIZZINESS , the brain `` SHOCKS '' .
sleeping alot about 12hours a day , coffee doesnt keep me awake anymore .
Works well for depression and anxiety .
Now I have terrible acne and infected cysts under one arm and might go off it all together to see if connected .
I initially took Lexapro at 10mg with my Wellbutrin in order to stop a debilitating depressive episode from progressing .
My hands are swelled .
Confusion , inability to concentrate , lack of motivation , no sex drive , agitation , incresed blood pressure , chronic constipation , vivid dreams , severe sweating .
Long-term use of SSRIs ( not just this one ) caused Serotonin Syndrome , which included incontinence .
I got very speedy and high off of this drug in addition to feeling standard SSRI effects .
I thought about suicide nearly every day .
Constipation , lucid dreams , apathy ( which is better sometimes than worrying about everything ) .
At first it was ok , and then once i got on the 75 mg a day , it really changed , nausea feeling , hadache , no sex drive .
I am very frustrated that this stuff has permanent consequences in joint pain which I have never experienced before .
I had some fatigue when first starting the prescription , but I no longer notice it .
Any side effects were , for me , tolerable compared to the benefits .
While on 225 mg Effexor , BP averaged 140/80 and pulse ranged from 85 to 105-resting rate !
I switched from Cymbalta to Lexapro and after approximately 30 days , I began feeling very bad .
none , except really bad dreams .
After taking this for three weeks I began to not process thoughts well and found it difficult to concentrate and function well .
I did experience relief of my depression initially with the 10mg per day dose .
i went from freaking out about every thing to could n't care less .
Very hard to take a deep breath like someone is squeezing my lungs .
I TRIED SUICIDE , BUT WHEN THAT DID N'T WORK , I FELL COMPLETELY APART .
But after 10 years of taking it , I feel like my brain has become dull and numb .
I have been taking meds for 6 years to treat anxiety and depression .
It has very mild side effects when starting or stopping .
On the third day at work , I experienced what felt like an 'acid trip ' after about an hour of taking the recomended 30 mg dose .
Side effects only lasted for a week .
Severe palpitations and irregular heartbeat .
The doctor knew I was on Steroid inhalers and a smoker when not pregnant , but did nothing when my blood pressure skyrocketed but double my dose .
Only major side effect was inability to achieve orgasm which I personally found intolerable .
I had no reactions , no emotions , no laughter , nothing .
I feel really strange but am hoping I even out some after being on it for awhile .
withdrawal was awful .
Early on , naseau and sleeplessness .
But if I missed a dose I got those `` brain zaps '' , and I just felt in a fog not myself at all .
Very sleepy , unable to concentrate , no motivation , apathetic , sexual problems .
Racing brain , not sleep well , dry mouth , sexual disfunction , bad memory , bad dreams , endless energy .
I did not take any of the effexor yesterday as I hope to just take Wellbutrin but I am even having trouble typing these comments because I did not have a dose of effexor in the past 24 hours .
Brain zaps , excessive yawning , fatigue , increased appetite , vivid sexual dreams , sexual side effects .
Headache still and completely useless , Coffee & tylenol so far- not helping much .
to start as weird side effects ranging from head aches to ' whirring brain ' effects and restlessness .
Indifference to food .
contipation , dry mouth .
incredible drowsiness .
Also , these where the side effects while I was on the drug as well .
I do still get the drowsiness about an hour after I take it , so I take it at night .
Withdrawal is an awful experience - I 've tried ( and made it ) several times , but within 2 months the darkness just settles on me again and I have to start taking it again .
I am currently at 2,5 ) I tried going up to 3. and after 3 days felt like I could n't stop moving , but was hard to focus so I did things like wash my kitchen floor etc .
So I still get the good feelings , which I like , but unfortunately I also still get the depression .
Initially , Lexapro seemed to agree with me except for the occasional bad nightmare , Now , after 4 years of use , I am no longer depressed , but I am exhausted all the time .
It has really helped for symptoms of depression and with less side affects than I was afraid of .
I am struggling to learn new things .
severe migraines , extremely low sex drive , mania , excitability , difficulty sleeping , weight gain , rapid thinking .
Coping with these side effects is nothing compared to coping with severe depression .
I had to begin taking a different prescription ( Lamictal ) to counteract the side effects that it gave me for a couple months longer than I was on Effexor XR , and now they are TOLERABLE , but I still feel a social anxiety unlike anything I 'd ever experience before .
I 'm too worried about the side effects I 'm having .
increased anxiety , more panic attacks , uncontrollably bursting into tears .
I am unable to drive on the freeway because of panic attacks while driving , Also , my body fat has been redistributed to my abdomen .
Reduced sex drive , 75 % less ability to reach orgasm .
I have noticed that alcohol has a stronger effect on me now .
so sleepy on 60mg 1x/day .
it helps w/the depression but I still feel pretty lousy - just bounce back a little easier
I am worried that the anxiety attacks will cause me to do something totally illogical and dangerous to myself .
had much more energy , improvement in grades , felt fully rested every morning , weight loss , incredible improvement in general attitude , much less shy .
I began The Drug From The Lower Pits Of Hell on the advice of my female OB/GYN who pushed it as something to help me through menopause difficulties .
Slight nausea and somnolence , 2ND Time .
I could n't keep my head up walking down the street because I though
weight gain , yawning fits , daytime sleepiness .
I was n't depressed , or sad , or happy , or angry .
But by the end of the day I 'd b tired and easliy irritated .
Dry mouth , weight gain , slightly moody , irritable .
I was diagnosed with `` double depression `` .Started on 37.5 mg for about 2 weeks , no change , only very sleepy , missed worked , switched to taking at night , uppped to 75mg for a week or two , helped a little bit , I was at an extremely depressed point in my life before I started and it got me back to my `` regular '' state of derpression .
The increase in anxiety has made me stop taking this pill .
constipation , drastic mood swings , 100 % helped my anxiety and panic .
But they came back after that - as colorful as before .
Dry mouth , heightened side effects if more than one day 's dose was missed ( aggression , agitation , restlessness , mood swings ) but not severe enough to quit taking it long term .
Very difficult to come off .
Lots of nausea .
And while I am now very slow to anger , I am slow very slow to excite .
Before I got any fatter , I stopped taking it and my metabolism is MESSED UP .
Suicidal ideation , weight gain , suicidal tendencies , tingling fingers , dizzy , tremor , insomnia .
The sexual side effects were supposed to be countered by the Welly , Did n't happen .
Headaches , nausea , exhaustion .
I get withdrawls on the 2nd day of not taking the medication to the point of being frantic , not lovely .
Have experienced weight gain .
Trouble Staying asleep for more than 2hrs at a time .
It also greatly lessened what I have heard called the 'Lizzy Borden ' complex ( extreme anger and outbursts ) .
Gained 50 pounds when I have never been overweight in my life .
I honestly ca n't tell a difference when I am on or off of Effexor XR , except for the terible migranes that I experience when missing a dose .
I 've always had somewhat of a sweet tooth , but now I crave peanut butter cups with a vengance - it is the only thing that still tastes good to me , But , I am also eating like crazy .
I swear these shock effects never go away !
All the anxiety and doom and gloom have just dissappeared .
If you miss a dose you get dizzy , confused , and have weird dreams .
Anxiety in beginning just from the thought of taking med because I was already anxious .
Emotionally numb .
I had never previously carried out any risky suicidal behaviours until after taking zoloft for 3 weeks .
extreme fatigue , lack of motivation , wanting to sleep / rest all the time , sweating , hot flashes , weight gain , headaches , short term memory lapses electric shock/brain zap feeling s with even 1 missed dose .
I now feel so much calmer and happier , no anxiety attacks or feelings of dread .
My inability to think correctly lead me to get frustrated when I tried to get work done , and also lead me to being more rash with decision making .
After a month I was upped to 60 mg. A week later I started getting agitated easily , my hair is shedding way more than usual .
Muscle pain from fibromalgia is reduced .
Increased memory of dreams ( waking during REM cycle ) and thus constant tiredness .
I wish it did n't make me sweat more but it 's a side effect I 'll live with .
I 'm relieved to see that a lot of you are reporting clenching of the jaw .
Nausea , Blurred Vision , 3 to 5 hours sleep , Suicidal Thoughts .
I continue to take it because I was diagnosed with clinical depression 9 years ago and I do n't plan on stopping .
Nausea & yawning for 1st month .
Nausea ( severe at times ) , occasional tremors , delayed orgasm , hot flashes .
Overall I am delighted with the difference Zoloft has made for me in letting me lead a normal life , and I consider a bit of nausea to be quite worth it .
I 'd rather be depressed .
A few hours later that seems to cease and I become really tired .
Weight gain .
Stopped me from thinking about suicide every single day for years .
Yet what was even more profound , I found that I was in a state of emotional upset at all times but wasnt aware of it until I stopped the medication 6 days ago .
didnt feel like myself , irritability .
no sex drive at all .
CHEST PAINS STARTED TO GO AWAY , MY BREATHING RETURNED TO NORMAL , WASNT CONSTANTLY WORRYING ABOUT MY HEALTH AND NOW AFTER 3 WEEKS OF TAKING IT I FEEL GREAT .
Withdrawal was odd - first 2 days nothing , then the third day , waves of nausea , headache , dizziness .
Also had no sexual desire .
I initially had exacerbation of restless legs , which went away over time as I adjusted to Cymbalta .
This drug has changed my life but it has now become so problematic given all the negative side effects that I am not so sure it has changed my life for all the better .
I also experienced an initial period of emotional numbness by which I mean I did n't feel I was experiencing my emotions normally no matter what it was I was feeling .
After a year and now on 225 mg I am sweating like crazy all the time , I get tingles in my hands and if I miss a dose I get dizzy and foggy and brain shivers .
I skipped 1 day and got so sick , I was constantly nauseated , gagging , and threw up for three days which caused me to loose the capsule ( in the toilet ) on the days I was suppose to take it .
However , having severe depression , I had no choice but to stick with it Slow titration helped a lot .
I am not depressed , but I feel that life is without excitement .
It helps depression but beware of the horrible withdrawals .
burning and diarrhea all nite .
You ca n't do that after being on Effexor a while , it makes you fat , exhausted & feel hopeless !
I will give the weaning another try , but with my job and kids I am scared to .
Prior to taking this , I was a trembling , sappy mess who could not think about holding a job .
I recommend this drug to anyone who needs help dealing with depression .
The second week , I almost killed myself .
The psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro because I was also having severe mood swings and rage along with the depression , completely stressed out and unhappy .
Sweating is worse .
I am really , really shaky , nervous , a bit tense and I feel like I am having heart palpitations .
loss of appetite , weight loss , nausea ( subsided after a few days ) .
Almost immediately I started to sweat , began to feel very ill , and proceeded to throw up all morning and into the early afternoon .
Fibro pain greatly reduced , energy up , sleep and dreaming wonderful after many years of not much of either .
i also get crazy drunk with less alcohol .
I stoped cold turkey after taking 150 ml 5 days later ended up in the ER for a suicide attempt , next day , paramedics at my house for talking suicidal thoughts , 7th day tried again spent 2 1/2 weeks in phych word .
I like not feeling depressed , but I feel like I am being made to feel happy against my will .
It has become difficult to concentrate on anything or to get motivated to do anything .
Weight gain ( 20lbs ) , no sexual feelings at all , inability to reach orgasm , terrible night sweats , tremor in hands , headaches , feeling of foggyness , and fatigue , At first , I di n't realize all of these side effects were related to Zoloft .
I had less headaches I hate that I had a reaction to it and my doctor took me off of it .
naseua , lower sex drive , extreme fatigue .
Dry mouth , nausea , no sex drive , and RLS worsened .
insomnia , loss of appetite * .
has aken away all my anxiety and depression .
Took the pill for depression for a year and a half , extreme weight gain , no sex drive , even more depressed
Dry mouth , sweating , light headedness , but most of these went away after a few weeks .
When the side effects subsided I upped dose to 5mg. , then 7,5mg .
Other than that bad week of not being able to eat , no other side effects .
completely destroyed what was left of my sex drive ( and almost my marriage ) .
It does nothing for the depression anymore but my body is too used to it to stop it
I did n't realize how bad my depression was until looking back on it-I was n't motivated to do anything , had paranoid delusions , was always achy and unwell , and was just generally unhappy .
Lethargic , body aches , migranes , Dr. prescribed 20mg daily .
Took the med for only 3 days and the first night , I think I got a total of 2 hours of sleep .
The risks of such dangerous and hidden physiological side effects are in NO WAY worth the potential positive effects of so-called subjective `` mental stability '' which is merely illusory and masks the hidden danger .
After I quit , I have started losing weight and I have gone into a sexual frenzy !
I can not go shopping , people in the store are `` too close to me '' and I become very fight or flight .
increased anxiety , nausea , loss of appetite and weight , heartburn , diarrhea , eye twitching , jaw clenching , insomnia , have to take xanax in order to take Zoloft .
I felt weak and exhausted and unable to keep up with normal days .
Worked really well first six months or so for my depression but after several freaky alcohol incidents where I drank 3-4 glasses of wine and then blacked out completely , I cut down my dosage from 20 to 10 mg and plan to go back on Welbutrin at my next doctor 's consult .
Bad diarrhea and abdominal pains .
For the first couple of weeks , I 'd get headaches and have mild nausea after taking the pill .
I feel that it IS still working for the joint pain and somewhat for the depression , however , not as well as it was and I 'd rather not increase the dosage .
Headaches & mild nausea for a few hours after taking it for the first few weeks .
This gets rid of nausea and lessens the insomnia and dry mouth .
Was on Prozac 20mg and it was making me more depressed .
I 've gained 15 pounds .
Called in sick .
It seems like I 've become an alcoholic since starting Zoloft .
Sexual dysfunction , no orgasm , very low libido , persistent brain fog .
Teeth Clenching , Insomnia at night and exhaustion durring the day .
possibly a bit of lower back pain .
Was second in charge of big motor company for 23 years when i got anxienty / depression , eventually could n't function etc & ended in a heap , was on & off many different types of drugs & then 2 years later ended up in mental hospital .
but that could be due to the depression .
Extremely hard to climax during sex , Severe Depression .
During the first week I experienced hot flashes , night sweats , insomnia .
The side effects from coming off of this drug are much worse than the side effects of being on this med .
Intensified anxiety .
Increased sex drive , reduced appetite , neck pain .
Saved my life - it 's amazing to go through life without the feeling of dread and hopelessness .
Here- sometimes I felt more depressed , lethargic , and would get upset at things that normally wouldnt upset me , or felt too `` whatever happens is fine '' Went back down to 50mg 2x a week , 25mg5x a week .
weight gain , sweating , loss of libido , crave carbs - see additonal comments .
sweats , weight gain , dry mouth at beginning .
I stoped hating myself , and depression subsided .
I have vivid dreams , but I always had them & I enjoy them .
I have gained weight that I have been unable to lose with diet/exercise .
I kept getting fired .
I went along hoping against hope that the panic attack I had one day would be the last one .
I am trying to cut the dosage down so I can get off the medication .
After 2 weeks on this drug , the pain is gone .
I also had an irrational fear that this drug was going to cause me to 'lose my mind ' or have some other horrible side effect that SOOO many people write about on-line .
muscle and joint pain .
I find myself able to fully concentrate , despite the slight dizziness and brainfog it gives .
I did n't even know what Social Anxiety Disorder was until a few months ago , only to find out that I had a pretty serious case of it beginning as a teenager .
I am pushing the people who I am closest to away .
No feelings at all , happy sad , nothing .
my body feels like jello .
Loss of sex drive , however , the side effects of depression are much worse .
nonstop headache , constipation , racing thoughts , insomnia , annoying muscle twitches at night , and an all-around lack of well being .
There was a lot of pressure , After that , day four was when I felt great .
Isolating , fuzzy headed , poorer concentration now 9 months after switching to Cymbalta , time to switch back or on to another SSNRI/SNRI or hopefully , maybe , something better !
had been terribly tired for months .
Generally seems to doing a good job with mood , though I 'm not impressed with the sleep issues ( could n't sleep .
During the first month or so I noticed a definite decrease in my anger and anxiety .
I was not prepared to endure the side effects for 2-4 weeks to see whether the drug would work or not .
Headaches , Nausea , Fatigue , Interrupted Sleep , Vivid Dreams , Weight Gain .
sick of losing track of what I wanted to say , feeling of numbness , the constant need to sleep .
Prescribed Cymbalta and thought it helped overcome depression and anxiety because of job loss .
Able to deal with anxiety better .
It gets a `` 4 '' because of weight gain and how long it took to work ( 2 months ) .
I began to cut , and attempted suicide several times , I 've been self harming since I was a kid .
Be careful of taking this if you have bipolar disorder !
I basically needed to use it to get rid of a severe anxiety that I let gradually build up on its own before I did anything about it , but I could feel it working in situations where I would normally get a little anxious as well .
i lowered my own dose to everyother day and on those days i take it i can physically see the difference , my husband says i look worried , great !
I like the weight loss , but have also felt heart palpatations and have had extreme dreams .
I stated I feel apathy , but I believe its because I feel apathy towards things that used to make me sad and depressed , and anxious .
Before , I was starting to drink a glass or 2 of wine at night to reduce my anxiety .
Then additional side effects of `` erratic behaviour '' Suicide was successful .
I began to get twitches that felt like bodily electricity , which was not only startling and uncomfortable , but also led to me developing an incapacitating social anxiety that used to be only nominal , and i still retain a modified form of the latter two side effects to this day ( it 's been a year and a half ) .
major constipation , weight gain , night sweats , excessive sweating ( mostly face and head ) .
nausea , loss of appetite , trouble sleeping .
mild nausea and stomach upset , mild headache .
decreased appetite , nausea ( went away after a few days ) , some sudden dizzy spells ( last a few seconds to a minute or two ) , constipation , gas .
Please do not take this drug , I started taking it for depression and after just 5 days my hair has fallen out at the front I now have a huge bald patch .
i USED TO FEEL WORRY , ANXIETY , DEPRESSION , NOW I FEEL NOTHING BUT ANGER TO THE SO CALLED PRO THAT PERSCRIBBED THIS
I was n't asleep so I ca n't call it a dream/nightmare , but definitely strange nonetheless .
I feel sluggish , unmotivated , and still have depression , aniexty and pain .
Alcohol-related blackouts , super-intense dreams , sleepy , nervous .
I felt suicidal .
Mild sleeplessness , unsatisfying yawns that went away after a month or so .
I feel hopeful and happy and content , the kids ' antics do n't wig me out like they used to .
zoloft worked wonders for my depression , but after gaining a ton of weight and losing the desire to be intimate with my husband i have switched to wellbutrin xl .
Obviously I see this is a very addictive drug as far as withdrawl symptoms .
Weight Gain .
I still feel dizzy and nauseated , and my hands and feet are tingling .
I also gained like 7lb while on zoloft .
Weight Loss , initially nausea , but the nausea subsided after ~3 weeks .
The nightmares make me not want to sleep .
I was taken off and experianced withdraw so bad that I now back on and slowly coming off .
Despite the side effects , I have found Zoloft helpful in keeping my moods moderated , especially when I feel low ( though , on the other hand , I also do n't really ever feel extremely happy on it either ) .
Hopefully these side effects will subside after a couple more days/weeks .
but withdrawal is a *bitch* .
Dropped to 37.5 mg but having trouble coming completely off .
However , the side effects were too severe ; I was taking 30mg I could not endure the total impotence and feared a permanent sexual effect , and I never once felt sleepy while on the medicine .
I had to stop taking citalopram because highest dose stopped working for MDD , panic , and anxiety .
After a relapse of depression over the last year .
Confusion is really bad , lack of concentration is very bad .
Day One - spacey , Day Two - nauseous , tight neck and head muscles , internal hot flushing accompanied by weakness and trembling , Day Three - nauseous , increased heart rate , warmer than usual , increased anxiety , Day Four - nauseous , digestive upsets , tight neck and jaw , prickling & tingling on skin , flushing , increased anxiety , experiencing zaps when falling asleep , woke in the middle of the night very hot , anxious , prickly , got scared , did n't take the med on Day 5 , now decided I will try to tough it out , Day 6 - took it an hour ago .
The fact that I am sleeping better , too , is a bonus , because I was having a terrible time sleeping more than three hours at a time and spent a couple of hours each night tossing and turning , Not anymore !
The amount of side effects sure made life even less fun than it already was .
For me it became a question of balance : Lexapro side effects vs . depression and its side effects .
Missing a single dose sends my brain into mini-seizures , or brain shivers , which produce migraine-like headaches .
I ca n't seem to focus , my eyes are blurred and sensitive to the light .
My GAD controlled my life since I could n't handle any stressful situation but thanks to duloxetine I can have a normal life again I enjoy playing videogames/watching movies again .
Jaw clenching ; difficulty achieving orgasm ; fatigue .
Difficulty Urinating ; Very Tired and Listless All Day After Taking Dose ; Nausea ; No Taste For Food ; General Apathy .
love my husband but just do not feel like having sex very often , I can go sexless for months !
One thing I learned real quick was not to miss a dose .
First week ; high , Second week ; good mood , headaches , chest pains ; third week ; break through depression and fatigue , fourth week ; still very tired , Doctor upped dose from 10 to 20mg and now I 'm dreadfully zombie like .
Every now and then I get a whiff of something , but it has n't stayed .
i still have difficulty remembering most of that year and for no particular reason .
Anxiety and social anxiety virtually gone .
Oh , sex life ; try a roller coaster ride to work you up to it .
The most immediate side-effect noticed was extreme stomach discomfort .
I could not even lift my head up because of how depressed I felt , and it scared me .
I do n't even know if I did sleep !
These behaviors are not like me at all .
Anxiety is still there .
Erectile dysfunction , delayed ejaculation , abnormal dreams , ca n't stay asleep , forgetting to eat , extreme nausea , headache s and reoccurence of ocular migraines .
weight gain that I can not shake , but other than that it is much easier staying on an even keel in my PM week , and my family does n't have to tolerate an anxious B**** who wants nothing but to run away during that week .
My doctor at the time sent me to 2 ENT doctors a Rhuemotogist , went to ER in Dec and Jan. Forgot to mention stuffed up nose and constant cough .
took l0 mg lexapro in combination with .5 klonpin 3x a day , eliminated a cycle of depression and anxiety I had for 2 yrs .
A few days later I was in the hospital with bilateral pulmonary emboli .
I still feel like `` myself '' but just less miserable and irritable .
Cry , irritable , then I start to have untimely jerkiness .
Then after a few months , more serious effects that I now believe were from the Lexapro started , like all-over itching and severe middle back pain , especially at night and upon waking in AM .
( It put me to sleep for an hour , then I would wake up and eat a little ) Do n't want to eat , had to force myself .
Tried Effexor XR and depression gone ( only normal ups and downs ) .
Fatigue .
Cymbalta did not solve my sleepiness and just added many uncomfortable side effects .
I did suffer some withdrawl depressive symptoms after stopping the medicines but felt better in about two weeks
No thoughts of suicide just deeper depression .
I can still do my work , but I want to SLEEP and I wake up groggy .
only had side effects in the beginning few days which were hand tremors and couldnt sleep until I started taking the pill in the morning instead of the evening which corrected that problem .
I 've heard great things about what this drug can do for depression , but the side effects are a real possibility .
The same day , moments later , I had an anxiety attack .
Think the diagnosis of cancer plus going off my progesterone threw me into depression again .
It did , however , fix the seratonin related imbalance , such as excessive crying and worrying .
Decreased appetite .
slight nausea and shakiness and feeling very anxious particularly in the morning .
Not worth the side effects .
Also , it seems as though this drug is n't a great treatment for anything other than depression / axiety .
Pain in left arm as well makes me nervous .
Reduced my anxiety and depression by at least 80 % , Love it ,
This is the 4th antidepressant I 've tried in the past 6 months & the first to give me any relief from my depression .
Years ago I was treated for depression and took Prozac .
Now I have an erosive esophagus .
I want to go off , but get the `` brain zaps '' really bad , Email me , if you know of something that might help .
It helped anxiety slightly , but made my depression worse in my eyes .
Night Sweats , decreased sex drive , headaches , weight gain , fatigue , jaw clenching .
Because of the bleeding I had to go for a colonoscopy and have my stomach biopsied which showed it cause the lining of my stomach was inflammed .
Within a week I felt my energy level increase and depressed / suicidal thoughts decrease .
I would really caution anyone who wants to begin any drug for depression without first finding out all the facts of this medicine .
Only had to stop it because the diarrhea never stopped .
Dry mouth also for the first few days .
was sleepy had alot of stomach problems first week .
Dizziness , nausea , headache , foggy , loss of appetite , weight loss , increased irritability and anger ,
THE WITH DRAWS OF THE MED IS SO INTENCE .
The withdrawel is quite severe and I went through hell going off this drug !
However , I worry about the day when I decide to go off of them and determine if my depression is more chronic or clinical .
In the first couple of weeks I had SEVERE drymouth and hated that .
totally constipated , i mean big time .
Possible side affect was reduced sexual desire , but my doctor said this could be just from the depression and stress itself .
I do n't think it is an anxiety drug though .
Nausea in morning , Dizziness , Heart rate increases quickly with exertion , occasional head rush , most distressing aspect is foggy thinking - sluggish thoughts .
I had impulsivity , I think just to see if I could get some feeling .
When I start a 'new ' 30 day batch of pills , I go through minor side effects for a few days .
But I think there is a life cycle to taking it , maybe 5 years or so ; when they increased it to 90mg ( April 2012 ) my cognition got noticeably worse , fatigue got much worse , every side effect amplified
Difficulty reaching orgasm , wierd dreams , weight gain .
jaw clenching at night , teeth grinding , nausea , constipation , food cravings , weight gain , total loss of sex drive , inability to O , insomnia , loss of taste .
night sweats , trouble sleeping , heart racing , nervousness , weightloss but all of these gone away after a few weeks .
I 'm afraid to switch to another anti-depressent because the withdrawals that I 've experienced from Paxil & Effexor was a nightmare and I know Zoloft has similar withdrawals .
I felt dead on this stuff .
I also had dizziness and exhaustion , but those went away in a couple of days .
If I skip a dose of effexor xr I have night tremors and mood swings .
first 3-4 months I was doing great , then disrupted sleep began , waking up every hour , night sweats , craving for sugar , low motivation to do anything .
I did n't think but about a week later I started having severe pain on my right back side .
I lost my mother three months ago , and I do n't know what I would have done if I were n't already on Escitalopram .
24 hours after missing a dose the withdrawal is really intense and you are really sick until about 3 hours after you take a dose .
For the first couple weeks I was very tired , felt lethargic at times and more anxious at others .
I 'll take depression any day over this .
The withdrawal was awful .
I am able to socialize with people without any anxiety .
Long term : low libido , fatigue .
Now in week two , just general tiredness through out the day [ eventhough I switched from taking it in the am to in the pm before bed , which did help a bit with tiredness ] , decrease in hunger , and low to no sex-drive
the last three weeks I have n't been able to watch TV since it makes me feel nauseus , and I have n't been outside in two weeks due to the dizziness !
Lexapro is a good drug for anxiety .
Took 1 50mg tab at 10pm and woke at 1am feeling weird .
I bought this root stimulating shampoo , and a follicle stimulator cause my head felt numb , would n't take showers cuz i would feel numb afterwards .
I 'm barely participating in life .
Once you eat a bite , you do n't feel full and crave SUGAR .
Loss of libido , gurning , tiredness , yawning .
slipped into a dissociative episode and called the cops on my husband thinking he was a boyfriend who died almost 10 years ago and trying to kill me .
It 's six days now and the obsessive endless thoughts about a bad event in my life are already subsiding .
However , the depression and moodiness quickly returned and my psychiatrist decided to try Cymbalta .
Then hives at same time every day for no reason .
Loss of appetite ( good side effect ) weird , lucid dreams , night sweats .
Up until now I have been taking Endep for the pain and neuropathy and Citropalapram for depression .
However when I did go out I was too numb to the world to have any panic attacks or jitters .
The headaches were unbearable .
but I was n't anything positive either , just BLAH .
Strange itchy rash on my skin -scared for life now .
However , I have tried to taper and quit several times and CA N'T .
I have been on an antidepressant for 18 years , most have worked ( except for welbutrin ) and I switched around to avoid side effects from some and to try to get better relief of anxiety .
I find that I am constantly clenching my jaw and it feels `` funny '' when I yawn or smile .
dry mouth , headaches , lowered libido , hot flashes , irregular sleep pattern ( insomnia like ) , hitting `` wall '' - brain stops working , poor short term memory , fatigue .
Very tired and nervous , And Diarrhea .
My legs were the worst and my left leg felt like it was on fire !
Having said that also , it saved my life as I was so bad before taking the drugs all I wanted to do was die to stop the dark depression and pain , so I think I have done well .
I practically had a nervous breakdown on it .
Brain zaps , dizziness , could n't sleep , u name it I had !
Jaw clenching at night and during the day , Nausea , Stomache pain , loose bowel movements , followed by constipation , Feeling dehydrated , and dry mouth , Headaches , blurred vision , increased episodes of vertigo .
night sweats , very cool sexy vivid dreams , dizziness if I miss a dose , nothing serious compared to the good feeling I have when I take it regularly .
Dizzy , light headed , foggy brain , just stoned !
If you suspect depression .
I have tried to quit cold turkey and have experienced what some call `` brain shivers '' .
weight gain and sleepiness .
Dizzy , nauseous , sweating , anxiety , uneasiness , restlessness , shivers , .
I vomited for three days straight .
Had 5 friends pass away from December 2014 to May of 2015 started getting depressed .
I already had all the gastro symptoms and hot flashes others have mentioned .
I constantly felt like the room was spinning .
I used to panic while driving , worried about what other drivers thought of me , I could n't function at work or with my coworkers , I did n't want to get out of bed in the morning .
Day three I was very anxious .
WEIGHT GAIN first two weeks a little dizzy .
I tried to kill myself witch mad no sense since I LOVE MY LIFE !
This stabilised later on though - As I upped my dosage , my libido started taking strain though and I had trouble sleeping - At 60mg , I started experiencing excessive sleepiness , needing a nap at least once every afternoon .
i thought about suicide and was VERY scared to continue any other sort of SSRI .
brain fog memory loss .
Just to think that I went through all that physical and mental anguish to get off a drug .
His notion is validated by my increased ability to sleep , which is never possible if I 'm anxious .
Some hair loss and some weight loss .
I read the symptoms of depression now , and ca n't believe that I felt like that 5 months ago .
All side effects cleared after a few days usage .
I wo n't off this medicine due to the horrible side effects , withdrawl symptoms and weight gain .
extreme dry mouth , to the point where I constantly felt as if something was stuck in my throat which would in turn cause me to have an anxiety/ panic attack , decreased appetite , severe insomnia .
Sleepy , constipated , unable to orgasm , felt `` out of body '' most of the time .
I do n't get mad as easily as I did at my kids .
What I hate most though is the clenching of the jaw , That has n't gone away , Overall , I 'm happy with Lexapro .
I have had recurring depressive episodes since childhood , and this is the second time I have tried anti-depressants .
I was depressed for years but left it untreated .
It has worked exceptionally well for my depression .
I will think of something that I need to do and less than a minute later I have forgotten what it was that I needed to do .
Tobacco cravings were rampant .
I began to have terrible nightmares which would keep me up
I do n't have the night sweats or fits of rage anymore .
I am exhausted and sleep with vivid dreams such as I never had before , I am a step away from a migraine daily .
I feel so tired all the time that I do n't have the energy to do basic every day household tasks .
Now , after 9 months , constant dull ( sinus ) headache , constant insomnia , caffeine intolerant ( 1 cup coffee = heart pounding , headache , agitation , uncomfortable for rest of day ) , 3 months ago weight started increasing , now 40 pounds heavier !
I do sweat like a pig at night , am very flat emiotionally and have zero sex drive , which is good , because it also keeps my johnson from working very well .
This was only acceptable because my depression symptoms went away , completely .
I cant stay home being stoned and exausted over this medicine .
I am also so fatigued that I am sleeping several times during the day , as well as 8-9 hours at night .
The first 2 months it seemed to be fine , then the terrible night sweats came , the headaches , dizziness , out of sorts feeling came .
difficult sexual arousal .
All side effects went away except the dreams , Unfortunately .
Severe fatigue , problems staying asleep , slight nausea .
Hypertension .
but I can tell when it is time to take it I get this tingling feeling , like when I turn my head my brain is a bit behind .
throwing things across the room in anger .
I thought this was supposed to help depression , I think it made it worse !
constipation , fatigue , weight gain , blocked tears and sad feelings that still existed inside of me .
I have had a hard time falling asleep on this drug .
Dry mouth in the beginning , decreased sex drive , Did n't do a thing for me , even at the highest dose .
I started taking Cymbalta for depression and also pain from interstitial cystitis and vulvodynia .
It 's simply a cover up your feelings drug , seriously , do n't take it !
& I slept 2 hours .
Was finally prescribed this after many years of depression .
Stopped taking it and two weeks later still irregular .
I 've been more socially confident , been told for the first time that I 'm outgoing , and have n't had as much anxiety .
The only side effect I 've had is it has completly shut down my sex drive .
Since switching to Cymbalta , my depression & anxiety are very well managed .
soon after take it , knocked out feeling , extreme yawning , foggy brain , and absolutely no sleep at 3 consecutive nights even with sleep aid !
Uneven temperment , lack of patience if I skip several doses .
It also made me sweat and feel hot a lot more often .
I 've been on this for 2 yrs and am in the process of coming off- enduring the same ' brain zaps ' and moodiness everyone else mentions .
Can hardly even read and feel like I 'm in a fog or that I 'm stoned .
I have tried being on Effexor for a while , however , that drug caused nausea and increased suicidal thoughts .
have never cut myself before I started taking Zoloft .
Works great for my depression , but caused excessive hunger leading to a 30 lb weight gain in 2 years .
nausea at first only .
It 's ruining my relationship , and so I 'd really like to get off it but am terrified due to the side effects , and not knowing what I 'll be like when I 'm off it .
At 37.5mg my depression is controlled .
2 weeks later the anxiety had increased into panic , the Dr. had me skip a day then start back at 2.5 mgs daily .
I felt like I existed- monotone .
Lack of sexual desire .
Obnoxious behaviour , Increased talkativeness , nausea , diarrhea , headaches , insomnia , flatulence , depression , moderate weight gain , unable to achieve orgasm , increased sexual pleasure .
I 'll miss those : very detailed , vivid , fascinating , cinematic-like dreams , Amazing , But , my friends complained that I acted completely out of character when I drank , and I do n't remember anything I said or did , so I 've decided this is n't right for me .
Dry mouth , subsidized sex drive , first few weeks experienced tiredness and felt very foggy .
Most of the fatigue passed after a week or so .
Finding it very difficult to come off the medication now .
The side effects are worse than the benefits .
the irritablility is less than the irritability I had from PMS before taking zoloft .
These side effects are slowly letting up .
GAS , vivid dreams , some muscle twitches .
It is horrible to try and go off of .
feels like you have the flu x 100 constantly for 2 weeks now I cant work , cant go to school , ca n't function .
I have suffered from anxiety ( anxiety attacks ) , bouts of depression , sadness and anger since I was a young teen .
mild , a little dizzy at first !
It 's not exactly a pleasant feeling and I hope that it 'll pass , as I am not interested in remaining a semi-zombie -there are lots of things I want and need to do in my life .
Shaking , Irritable , Energy , later fatigue , constipation , anxiousness , anxiety attacks , craving sweets , flu like symptoms , ear ache , weak , as if my heart was overly stressed if I done the least little thing .
Zoloft helped me a great deal , really helped me get out of a deep depression .
Seems to make my anxiety worse .
Only fatigue and sexual side effects while taking it , during withdrawal I have shortness of breath , dizziness , light headedness , brain zaps , bouts of nausia , sweating , very strange dreams , some nightmares , mood swings , and lots of drowsiness .
yawning , fatigue , loss of libido / ability to ejaculate , loss of emotional range .
Ironically I am much more anxious and depressed than before I took this drug .
My depression was eleviated but I still was n't myself , even when I went up to 200 mg .
nausea at first , but that went away .
Exhaustion that was so bad I could n't get out of bed .
I woke up after three hours sleep each of the four nights , and could not get back to sleep .
All these happened the day of my first pill : Light headed , Dizzy , Extreme tiredness , Diarrhea , Jaw muscles tightening & clenching , Stuffy nose , migraine , Foggy , Zoning / trancelike , Apathy , Cold & chills , Trouble focusing eyes , Confusion , Nausea , Jaw clenching , Sweaty palms , Time/ space discontinuity , Cant catch my breath , Tiredness or energetic , Memory loss , Tremors & twitching , Yawning , disorientation , Convulsions , 10mg .
Fatigue , dizziness , apathy , muscle jerks , jaw clenching , interfered with Thyroid replacement medicine , insomnia .
Plus , in the last year , I experienced anxiety attacks more frequently which slowly created phobias I never had before .
Had descended to an all time low in self-loathing .
I had alot of dizziness and it was so bad I felt like passing out every time I yawned ( Sounds weird I Know ) .But that eventually stopped .
At first , lots ; after a few weeks , only reduced sex drive .
At first I had constipation and lethargy .
Dizziness , loss of appetite ( initially ) , `` staring into space `` .
But after my body adjusted , I did notice quite a difference in my anxiety , and length of dressions bouts .
increased anxiety , sleeplessness , increased appetite , increased sensitivity , BUT only for first few weeks of upping dosage .
constant numbness on the right side of my body , tingling fingers , unexplained extreme yawning , trouble staying asleep , anxiety , accelerated heart rate in mornings , dry-mouth when working out , new sweating that continues hours after working out , constipation , loss of appetite /cravings .
While that subsided , I then felt a progressive feeling of being in a general stupor .
I feel full much sooner when eating than I used to .
insomnia for the first few weeks , slight loss of sex drive , reduced appetite , mild weight loss , jaw clenching .
I 've been taking it for 12 years for suicidal depression .
All these years I had just assumed that by nature I was anti-social and extremely shy , only to find out that millions of people suffer from SAD .
A little after I began noticing this , I started stuttering , and my stutter got worse as I kept taking the medicine , as did all my other side effects .
My mind raced at 100 miles a minute , but my body was exhausted , so sleep was slim .
I have missed so much work because I ca n't even drive most days , let alone function in an office .
shortened attention span .
My emotional range might be a little muted ( I do n't cry nearly as much ) , but I still feel like myself .
I have n't fainted but I started to see black spots .
At first , all the usual ( dry mouth , dry eyes , tight jaw , dizziness , stoned feeling , nausea ) but they went away after a month .
My depression never got better while on this .
Lack of care for anything important in my life .
Insomnia , dry mouth , constipation , nausea .
The only side effect I have noticed is it makes me sleepy , so I take it at night and sleep well .
I made a suicide attempt while on it and it is my opinion it was the cause that pushed me over the edge .
Since starting Lexapro about a month ago , have found myself extremely constipated , which I am assuming is a side effect .
Weight gain , decreased enthusiam /energy to do things .
Headaches , nauseau , dizziness , always on a bad high , inability to concentrate .
I 'm tired all the time , have gained 10 pounds and ca n't think straight .
Then the doctor increased it to 150 mg which made the head pressure worse so I slowly got back down to 100mg .
I also get bouts of suicidal thoughts .
Wild dreams .
Unable to eat anything significant for the 3 days .
Insomnia , decreased appetite ( though that 's a good thing in my case ; the depression had me overeating ) .
Gain weigth & low sexual drive .
Controls worst of my depression and anxiety .
I took this because I began to have severe panic attacks and issues with depression .
Zoloft helped balance my mood after about a month , but the mania made my life more difficult .
I had a few emotional side effects , but they went away very quickly .
There were times where it made me feel even more anxious than I already was .
I 've been trying my best to bury my depression down , things in my past , such as abuse , rings I did not want to deal with .
However , I gained 25 pounds on it and this just fueled my depression even more since I was close to being overweight before going on it .
Struggled with a horrible cycle of insomnia , anxiety , depression , life changes and hormonal changes for a year .
vivid dreams , nightmares , night sweats , loss of libido and ability to orgasm , constipation , occational brain zaps , weight loss then a ton of weight gain .
Went through motions .
Also my sex drive went from brooooom brooom to put put if any .
Really can affect sleep .
my arms felt like needles are poking them , Felt like a knife in my shoulder , I got chills easily , felt like my legs were not getting enough circulation , it felt like my blood had carbonation in it !
Extreme dry mouth , unable to reach orgasm .
Helped the depression only quit taking it because it affected my job ( the sleepiness ) think it may have helped the anxiety , I remember I was able to cut back on my dosage of xanax .
I am seeing a specialist for the vertigo and undergoing testing which now I have been diagnosed with vestibular neurontitis .
Sleepless nights also with vivid dreams in the first week as well .
Zoloft did nothing for my depression , just made me crave alcohol ( I was not a heavy drinker before or after taking Zoloft ) .
Has helped me with my anxiety and depression , though I still do worry alot , maybe more than before .
I would yawn constantly and uncontrollably .
Zoloft worked quickly and effectively at first , but eventually the weight gain it caused led to more depression ( not to mention other health problems ! )
My anxiety is almost completely gone and my depressed mood has mostly lifted .
It took away the running tingling sensations running down my arms and neck .
And I can remember every detail of them when i wake up in the morning .
loss of appetite
My periods have become irregular and at first were light now quite heavy and lasting a full week .
Sleepiness Dizziness Constipation Raised blood pressure Fatigue
No trouble sleeping ; had been on Ambien CR whiich had topped working , but now I sleep all the time .
I liked that it made me seem emotionally detached events happened that would normally make me burst into tears but with Cymbalta I was emotionally free .
Inability to orgasm .
I 've always had bouts of depression , I have a history of major anxiety to the point of it being physically painful , and developed OCD over time .
I imagine this is what it feels like to be on crack .
My depression is not serious so it looks like I will have to go down a more natural path to help myself .
Fatigue .
First month - sleeplessness .
Am looking at changing my meds ( I also take a small dose of Lamictal every day ) as I am very unmotivated and slightly depressed at the moment but I think t could be to do with my life circumstances which are n't great right now .
my mood swings were extreme , yelling , cursing , swearing .
I have had nightmares about my car wrecking , drowning , not being able to move , my husband having an affair with my best friend , and a lot more .
Anxiety is now though the roof , hands feet sweating , and my memory sucks .
loss of libido , stabilized weight , periods of heightened aggressiveness , dizziness and vertigo upon missed dose .
The withdrawal symptoms are nothing sort of a nightmare .
Could barely function and was in danger of losing my job .
Been 3 weeks off and have had pretty bad joint pain for last week .
I got the `` brain zaps `` that other people have mentioned .
I have noticed i have the jitters and seem unable to concentrate fully .
I also have noticed that I do n't get so upset and rattled by other people 's rudeness or nasty comments anymore .
Low sex drive/ cloudy head / unable to lose weight .
ACCELERATED weight gain , initial night sweats , initial sleepiness .
The side effects were insomnia , night sweats , dizziness , headaches , palpitations and lower right abdominal pain .
heavy sweating .
I just ca n't go on indefinitely feeling like I was going to fall over or vomit all day .
The decreased libido is a major problem because I truly love my husband of 14 years , but I have a VERY difficult time being interested on an intimate level .
The last straw was feeling hot all of the time .
Now that i just started back on it , i 'm experiencing the usual side effects when starting ( tiredness , nausea , constipation , flucuations in mood and appetite , sweating ) .
Got nothing done all day .
I still feel depressed and have negative thoughts racing through my mind so I do n't think 50mg is really enough for me .
It 's potency and side effects can be a nasty surprise for anyone who is taking it for mild depression .
Am taking 225 mg Still occassional anxiety but much better .
Some initial weight gain , but has now setteled down and am experiencing the reverse .
And also sometimes I just ca n't sleep , I do n't feel tired at bedtime ( even though I was tired an hour before ) .
Horrible withdrawal !
I was unable to hold my body vertical .
Cymbalta changed my whole thought process , I felt like I was in some sort of hell and could n't escape .
Lexapro really helps with my anger problem , especially toward my kids and husband .
It did help the depression though .
It also landed me into the ER as my upper lip swelled up after a nap one day .
I suffered from depression since high school but was able to function very well/my feelings got hurt easily and my depression worsened before my period/over the last two years my depression became a daily hindrance with a lot of crying and negative thinking .
I am sleeping better than ever before , no pounding heart .
I also can not deal with the sweating .
The first couple of days I noticed slight dizziness within an hour or so of taking it but it resolved itself .
unable to recall names etc diarrhea , delayed processing , insomnia , late day fatigue .
Was placed on Zoloft after suicide attempt .
big weight gain !
vision problems , the more I took it there would be vibration in my eyes , confusion .
If a person knew how awful the withdrawal was , they would keep searching for other answers to their depression .
took me three days to figure out the connection , during which I was laying in a darkened room with a migraine .
it just did n't help with the anxious and depressive symptoms .
have gained 30 lbs since I began taking this .
First 10 days were HORRIBLE , like a looong panic attack with anxiety/nausea .
Initially loose bowels , headache , flu-like feeling .
Low sex drive and trouble ejaculating .
But it did help with depression .
go off with the fairies - light & dizzy & can not concentrate at all & get BAD BAD Withdrawals .
Neck stiffness and pain , Headache , Muscle pain in legs and lower back , Difficult sleep .
I become very irritable , not to mention I experience brain zaps similar to paxil withdrawal .
Also lack of sex drive .
Change in personality .
Some days constant hunger , other days no appetite at all .
Fatigue , dry mouth , constipation , memory loss , insomnia , low libido , and weight gain .
I never tried to hurt myself before this drug , o
I am a recovering meth addict and feel exactly as if I am coming off of meth !
Really has helped my depression and know that I am a much happier person taking it but I HATE the weight gain and constipation .
I stopped taking Zoloft because I was still having several months out of the year when I felt like it was n't helping - I had no motivation and just wanted to sleep all day .
11 ) Forgetful , stupid ( its Sunday , right ? )
It made my anxiety worse and I was quicker to anger than usual .
I 've tried to wean myself a few times and it 's terrible .
Yawning A LOT .
inability to reach orgasm , but only for a short time when first startted and when upped dosage , weird `` brain zaps '' others mention and vivid dreams when miss a dose , inability to get off it due to withdrawl symptoms - physical and emotional , but I was only trying to get off to start another antidepressant , so did n't really have to get off it .
This medication does more harm then good .
No libido at all , was unable to orgasm from sex .
Helped not only with the issues I was immediately experiencing ( extreme panic and hypochondria ) but long-standing social anxiety and obsessive thoughts have also been relieved .
Killed my sex drive .
head felt completely detached from body and feeling suicidal .
After about the first 2 weeks , my moods leveled out , I felt mentally numb .
It has also helped me out of a deep depression that zoloft could not do .
But my blood pressure ( which had always been lo or lo normal ) rose to 148/80 so I had to discontinue .
The side effects that I experienced were not debilitating , the only one that bothers me is the waking through the night but I think that 's improving now .
If I increase to 100 I have sexual side effects immediate .
Both my depression and anxiety have abated significantly , though there is some of both left ( plus the tiredness , which I suspect could be depression-related ) .
Just TWO tablets of Lexapro 10mg completely destroyed my sexual functioning , probably for life .
Eyes dialated , Sweating , Nausea , Insomnia , Loss of Appetite , Weight loss-40 lbs in less than 2 months , Tremors .
Initially , some insomnia which subsided .
I have been losing handfuls of hair every time I brush , wash or run my fingers through it .
sleeplessness , ' fuzzy thinking ' , lack of concentration , lack of memory , unrational behvaviour , extreme anger /agitation , oh ya , sweats too .
When 1st started I would sweat alot .
This means fibromyalgia pain is back with a vengeance , However , I no longer am suicidal and this got rid of a 4-day-long panic attack within 1 day of commencing .
Next day worthless and in a fog , bad headache .
During the first week I could not be around my 4 year old son because of extreme anger !
I must say I absolutly love this side effect , I cant believe its been so marked though I didnt expect it at all !
The nausea is pretty bad normally , so I may try something else .
It may have been placebo effect , but I felt relief from anxiety after my second pill .
As for depression , I took prozac years ago , and found that much more effective in eliminating my depression .
It has a half life of 5hours , that 's why you feel so crummy after missing one dose .
Immediately gave relief of peace , loss of depression , no more sadness , and overall terrible body pain disappeared .
No sexual desire at all and terrible amount of weight gain .
I have stopped it and now on day 3 migraine is still with me .
The worst part is that I began to gain a lot of weight once I went without medicine for two weeks .
i still have anxiety ; no panic attacks .
I had a headache that lasted about a week .
Nauseaus and racy heart , Blurred vision .
The only complaint I have is that I found myself eating more than usual which caused some weight gain , but none that ca n't be managed without increasing exercise and eating healthier .
My memory loss worsened , as did my stutter , attention span , and depression .
I think I may have to have my dosage up 'd to the next level because the bad dreams and sudden outbursts are coming back I 've noticed .
I gained 13 lbs in 6 weeks and could not get out of bed after 60 days .
Mood swings , extreme anger , leg pain just to name a few .
I 've gone a few days before without taking it and felt dizzy , tired , nauseous , and spacey .
I was able to focus and concentrate and hold conversations but I just felt in a daze .
I am somewhat fragile at this moment .
Also , headache , crying , insomnia , and I ca n't tell you all the side effects .
I had hand shakes , warmness in my body , very energized , mood was alot better , sweating , pretty bad insomnia which i did not like .
My mood is definitely lifted although my energy is really low .
Mild headaches .
I was prescribed this medicine to help with depression and anxiety , but the side effects are awful .
I used to get very nervous about being around other people and interacting with others .
I guess I 'll wait to see if this head pressure will ever go away .
Just gone cold turkey and had one week of horrible brain zaps , mood swings and nausea .
Basically I anise these tablets no end and take up to 800-1000mg hence all the side effects , but because I abused them so heavily at the start a normal dose now gives me withdrawal which gives all the above side effects .
To add to the constant emotional upset , I can now attribute Cymbalta to frustrating memory lapses and a dramatic compromise in my cognitive abilities which I had mistakenly blamed on my pain medication .
Loss of memory .
Changes in sexual function once we got into the higher doses ( I eventually was up to 375 mg ) , also began getting night sweats at the higher doses , which is ultimately why I stopped taking it .
Withdrawal was very , very difficult as many here state .
didnt get rid of my eating disorder , if anything it continued it .
I 've taken all the other anti-depressants over many years and could n't stand the side effects .
Sweating , dry mouth , anxiety , brain zaps , severe brain pain , ( different from headaches ) dizziness , foggy , anger , no sex drive .
I exercise , I eat healthy , Although , 4 months ago I quit smoking/drinking alcohol , after that I 'm craving food all the time , mostly sweets .
I can live with a few side effects as long as it cures my depression .
Depression is gone .
Not sleeping , chills and fever , inability to drink alcohol .
I consider the appetite supression / weight loss and anti-constipating effect to be *good* side effects !
I had also noticed that it took more to hold my attention than it used to , and I could n't remember things that happened or stuff people said five minutes before .
Fatique ( hard to get out of bed in morning ) , difficulty ( but not impossible ) to have orgasm and weight gain .
Within a week I felt like my old self but even better , The worries , and the major ( and i mean MAJOR deep dark hole depression ) I experienced ( especially PMS depression ) is gone and has stayed gone .
Lack of sexual desire , harder to reach orgasm .
Severe night sweats .
i hate feeling out of control , detached .
Kind of a relief from racing thoughts , but scary because I might as well be in a coma .
I feel bloated all the time , Very tired .
When I tapered off this medication , over a period of 2 months , these effects were 10x worse and lasted for about a week each time I lowered my dose .
Sexual anorgasmia impotence brain zaps .
Weight loss .
The following day had increased anxiety and restlessness .
Suicidal thoughts when I had NEVER had those thoughts before , Super scary .
I had never had difficulty withdrawing from other medications previously , and had never found myself addicted to anything , and was suprised to find such a chan
I had been taking Lexapro for about 5 years and it did little to help my anxiety .
I found that if I took it in the morning , I would get very tired after about 6 to 8 hours .
No sex drive , dull mood .
Pupils dialated , a little shaky , I started at a low dose and quickly went to a high dose because it wasnt helping .
I do n't want to switch medicines again since I have been on quite a few- Prozac , Zoloft and Lexapro and also I am afraid of what the withdraw symptoms would be like .
I sweat so profusely that it has become embarrassing .
I constantly feel as if I am on the verge of a panic attack , I feel like sleeping all day , but have difficulty sleeping for more than 1 hour at a time even during the night .
increase in anxiety , weird floating feeling , sweaty palms , nausea , heartburn , waking up in middle of night for no reason , sexual performance issues .
No sex =no good , though.And you 'll probably scare your partner away anyway after they realize that you 've soaked yourself , your pj 's , and the sheets through with night sweats .
Immediate relief from depression on the second afternoon .
Hair loss ! , rashes , sexual loss .
I have fluctuating hormones too .
I do n't see how I can possibly function because of the side effects and I certainly do n't see how I could continue on this medication any more .
I have not have a depressed moment since I 've been on it , approx , 8 months .
It helped a lot at the beginning when I had anxiety attacks and depression .
I literally was out of control .
They were so bad I would involuntarily turn my head .
ended up in the hospital for 5 days .
It has GREATLY reduced my level of anxiety and depression .
I 'm slowly beginning to have erections again so I expect that eventually the orgasm inability will resolve itself .
I 've tried so many , However , I 'm ADDICTED I feel .
initially , I was very tired for the first few weeks ; no side effects after that .
Withdrawal is much worse than the condition I 'm treating !
no orgasm during sex
In the past two weeks however , my mood really dropped , and I was feeling suicidal .
I am only on 50mg but my insomnia is gone , my anxiety is under control , and I get depressed less often .
Dry mouth the first month and then later bouts of extreme thirst , I think it also gives me headaches and neckaches , but I am not sure because I was diagnosed with migraines previous to this medicine .
blurred vision , sweating , shaking , nausea , vomiting , brief paralysis , tingling in extremities , fainting , heart palpitations , insomnia , severe abdominal pain , auditory/ visual hallucinations , dizziness .
i was off work for the longest time , finally got back to work and tried to wean off the med , that 's when it really hit the fan .
It lifted my spirits at a time when I could barely say a word for days because my mind was so blank .
I sweat a little more and my sex drive has decreased somewhat .
weight gain , extreme spaciness and forgetfulness , loss of vocabulary , lethargic , cloudy head , lack of concentration .
Also feel like I 'm in a cloud allthe time .
insomnia , low libido , drowsiness , dry mouth .
Automatic anxiety occasions ( elevator rides , big crowds ) now do n't trigger automatic responses , which helps a ton .
then went suicidal .
mild insomnia , poor interactions with alcohol .
I want to feel even if it is depression .
I 've had major depression since my early teens .
Things that I would obsess over before no longer are a concern .
im happy with the result , is certainly worth the side affects .
loss of sex drive , increase in anxiety .
Lightheadedness .
Over last 6 months : difficulty reaching orgasm ( F ) , loss of impulse control resulting in financial debt , increase in risky behavior , mania , lack of empathy , lack of emotional reactivity ( have n't shed a single tear in over 6 months ) .
It has reduced my anxiety attacks to near nothing !
i gained some weight but nothin to rave about .
Sexual side effects .
I experienced loss of good judgement and loss of guilt when I started taking effexor xr .
Nausea , Increased perspiration , Increased heart rate , Weight loss ( I 've lost about 10-15 lbs , now I 'm under 100lbs ) , Restlessness , Clenching my jaw , loss of appetite .
The highs and lows I used to experience dissipated ; I did n't well up with emotion at the drop of a hat ; I finally felt in some sort of control over my emotional state .
The first week or so I felt a little weird but once the medication kicked in , it was great .
I woke up at least 5 or 6 times every night .
insomnia !
Still feel lightheaded now & then .
If that werent enough , it increases anxiety and thus has less value as an anti-depressant .
I ca n't concentrate well , foggy thoughts , poor memory , and do n't want to socialize much .
I am constantly forgetting words and always feel like I 'm in a fog .
As time went on , my sexual sensitivity began to diminish , my weight began to skyrocket ( 20+ lbs ) and the benefits of the drug began to be outweighed by the anxiety and depression caused by getting fat and sexual dysfunction .
slight loss of libido .
I not only lost the ability to orgasm , but stopped having even the slightest feelings of arousal .
When i took lexapro i walked around in a `` zombie '' like state because i would never be happy about anything , but never really sad .
not good due to weight gain , when coming off of it you feel OUT OF IT - sometimes I am even scared to drive a car because I feel so off .
I ca n't even see straight !
increased sleepiness , intense weight gain .
despite the side effects the medicine works very well for anxiety .
I took it before I went to bed , Days 1 & 2 were good- felt relaxed ; Day 3 I was spacey , stoned ; Day 4 I got severely sick : woke up at 3am sweating , diarrhea , heart racing , mind was racing ( almost psychotic thoughts ) , had a panic attack because I was so scared , almost went to emergency room because I could not relax for 4 hours straight !
Started taking it after Prozac and ( ca n't remember the name ) made my stomach hurt so bad .
Successful suicides result .
Going off Lexapro SLOWLY at the moment , withdrawal symptoms ( from missing a dose ) very strong- brain zaps , dizziness , weakness and fatigue .
Initially some mild headaches and vision blurring .
My doctor said that Effexor would be the best drug for me since it is made to help depression and anxiety , both of which I have .
Now we 've had to augment with Lamictal for regulating mood , because I 'm going thu severe stress , and the combo is really helping me .
The thoughts of suicide were overwhelming and it made me feel a horrible despair .
Diarrhea , inability to orgasm , loss of sexual pleasure , significant weight gain , withdrawal was not pleasant .
Also I had a severe inablility to concentrate which made it impossible to do my job , I am a Registered Nurse .
If I went to 200 mg/day I had more anxiety and restlessness .
this drug didnt really work that well for me to come off this hard .
Initial withdrawal done slowly was fine , however gradually spiralled down without it .
This medication orginally did wonders for my wellbeing and anxiety , However , I needed to come off it as it often impaired my memory .
Equilibrium problems at 50 mg. dropped by to 25 mg solved problem
I am still dizzy but a little better I also find that I will sometimes zone out .
Lethargy , low libido , dont want to do anything .
It definitely alleviated my suicidal thoughts and after 2 months , I felt I was in a grey area rather than deep black .
Libido is low but orgasm is possible .
I am still having aches , pains , pins and needles throughout my entire body after being off of the Lexapro for a few days .
FEEL NUMB ALL THE TIME .
Worked great on depression .
I have tried to take vitamins omega 3 6 and 9 ) nothing is working to make me feel better you honestly feel like a walking zombie .
I did things I normally would n't do , bought expensive things I could n't afford .
NO libido , fo anything/anyone .
I started out at 25 mgs and over the years increased from 100-150 ) For me the drug was great and helped with anxiety tremendously .
My libido also just did a disappearance act , which I simply could n't handle .
For the entire time I 've been taking Lexapro , I 've had no sex drive , erectile dysfunction , and only three orgasms during intercourse .
Could barely walk .
No longer have crying jags .
it feels like someone else is in your body .
I have been on Lexapro for a while and my doctor took me off and switched me to Wellbutrin because I had gained 18 pound s in 2 months , BIG MISTAKE .
i have no sex drive .
only took it 2 days ; had horrible migraine , dizziness , nausea and ringing in the ears .
I use this in combination with a small dose of Elavil and/or Trazedone to improve sleep ( my sleep quality is poor with or without Zolot ) .
at start dry mouth & metallic tast e ; started clinching jaws which causes headache , tooth and gum pain & neck pain .
Weight gain , HAIR LOSS , increased depression , fatigue , lethargy .
The first few months i was on Zoloft my depression and anxiety were definitely lifted .
I 'm bipolar and was experiencing major depression despite my antibipolar meds ( which luckily stopped the manic episodes ) .
If I miss a dose- irritability with long and vivid dreams .
I am assuming the Cymbalta is the cause of the clinching .
life saver for `` intrusive thoughts `` brought on by anxiety
I wanted nothing to do with him .
The loss of appetite I was n't sure to attritube to the Cymbalta because I 'm a finicky eater anyway , but I could n't function with only 5 hours of sleep in 10 days .
I am , however , TIRED !
along with severe nausea , sweating and dizziness .
She did not want to leave me alone for fear of me causing myself harm .
The nightmares and the sickness that goes with it are terrible besides the symptoms you had to begin with .
Zoloft was prescribed to me to help with depression and if I knew that there were reported cases that this anti-depressant could increase the risk of suicide I NEVER would have agreed to take the medication .
It did not help improve my memory nor do anything for my social anxiety though .
I was constantly drinking water and had to have a bottle by my side at all times , it was just incredibly uncomfortable .
For those people who do not understand why anyone would take these drugs with all the side effects YOU HAVE NEVER SUFFERED REAL DEPRESSION .
I started out taking 300 mg of Effexor and am now down to 150 mg At 300 , I had very bothersome night sweats .
Less anxiety and depression but less life .
Made my drinking into raging alcoholism .
Emotions were very flat for the first month or so .
lost feelings of joy , could not focus , weight loss , no cares for anything I used to love .
Elevated blood pressure .
More like I feel as though I am vibrating .
But getting off of this drug is really nasty .
I feel like im on a seesaw teetering between anxious and depressed .
Despite its side effects , I find cymbalta the best choice for Depression , Anhedonia and Insomnia due to GAD .
Took it in the evening and experienced nausea and drowsiness .
I started taking lexapro to help with depression , I think for me its depression that leads to my anxiety , not the other way around .
because we were severely depressed or ridden with debilitating anxiety that affected us living a good quality of life .
One thing I did experience when trying to get off it was mood swings .
BAD sweating !
The anxiety I experience is somewhat resistant , however , and Zoloft is n't really helping .
I felt I was relatively normal , with just mild depression and anxiety , I certainly did not want to make my situation WORSE !
I have suffered depression anxiety and panic attacks in the past .
I continue to lose weight right now I have lost thirty pounds in about 8 months .
Almost no libido at all , Utterly useless .
I just went down to 30 and it has been an awfull week .
After 1 1/2 years on Lexapro , I believe that it has a very short shelf life , less than 30 days , and is extremely sensitive to temperature/humidity fluctuations & extremes , Every month , when I 'm down to my last 3-8 pills of my supply , I notice that I get depressed often and have sudden mood swings .
The side effects have been terrible .
This medication has made me more suicidal than I used to be .
It did n't help my anxiety at all but I definitely felt less depressed while on it .
vivid dreams , night sweats , loss of appetite , nausea , etc After a few months , the only problem I 've really had is headaches .
When I should have been crying , I had no desire .
I have way more energy , actually crave social situations , when before I preferred solitude , I have a sex drive , and more confidence .
On 60 mg , took away depression , took away anger 'Lizzie Borden ' complex .
At no point was I informed that it *was* addictive in humans , despite non-human testing showing otherwise .
Difficulty climaxing !
had brain shocks , psychotic symptoms ( heard voices , hypergraphia ) cataplexic episodes .
CONSTANT HEADACHE , HAIR LOSS , & EXTREME WEIGHT GAIN .
I do have occassional , mild headaches but nothing worth stoping it over , that 's why there 's Motrin .
I do not see the point of taking Lexapro-type SSRI 's for anxiety , which was my primary issue for taking it .
cant sleep , sweating , feel sick and dizzy , feel like im zoning out all the time inbetween feeling sick and dizzy of course .
Extreme sedation , inability to move , excessive sleeping .
Constantly felt like I was about to faint , felt like my brain was being zapped with an electrical discharge .
Erectile disfunction , delayed orgasm , lack of libido .
I 've tried quite a few antidepressants and this one seems to be the one that handles my depression and I can live with the side effects .
I had barely slept and had lost over 6 pounds within the first week because just the thought of food would make me sick to my stomach .
This was attributed to anxiety .
Strange side effects trying to get off Effexor : heart pounding , dizzyness , sleep disturbance .
scattered brain , and inability to focus .
Crying bouts resume at the slightest provocation ( Ask my family about the time I started crying over the breakfast tabl .
weight loss in the 3 weeks I took it .
-it did n't work for me , but i am bipolar .
As for the depression , it is gone and i 'm able to function as a happy human being .
Another thing that bothered me , well a lot , was I was unable to orgasm .
This medication is supposedly supposed to help with anxiety , but for me , I have to take a second medication for that .
Withdrawal symptoms are severe , headaches , muscle pains , nausia , sensory problems like electrical shocks , wobbly vision .
I felt so much better but I still had the feeling of uneasiness .
very low libido , no sex drive , intensified affects of alcohol tremendously , it relieved crying episodes , it helped me get my life back as far as enjoying things .
This medicine has helped me so much , My anxiety , depression , and panic attacks are gone .
Stopped and started again and now experienced this dryness .
If I end up a fat , bald middle aged woman I do think my depression will return in a different way .
I went to sleep , then woke up a couple hours later feeling extremely nauseous .
bruise easily , terrible joint pain , still have days that I have no desire to get out of bed .
i have stopped taking sertraline for 4 days now and the side effects have n't worn off yet .
Inability to orgasm on dosages higher than 75mg a day .
After you threw up 30 minutes after taking your pill .
slight headache .
Lexapro has helped with my depression , but not so much the anxiety .
Jaw jacking / clenching teeth , headaches , vomitting , waking up in the middle of the night for hours , increase in anxiety , blurred vision .
Made me even more suicidal .
The only side effects I get is night sweats .
At first it was okay because I did n't feel as anxious as I usually did , Eventually , I began to have hand shakes and once in a while my body feels out of sync .
These were strong feelings , even though I was gradually reducing the amount .
I suffered a `` shredding '' of my personality ; paranoia to the point of being unable to leave the house ; panic attacks ; sensory acuteness which made normal life impossible for both me and my poor husband .
This is a very powerful drug and anyone that takes it needs to decide what is important , the drug works but it is a seriously strong drug and has many many crazy side effects .
I was only mildly depressed and had I known then what I know now about the withdrawals I never would have taken this .
I missed a dose yesterday , and now I 'm nauseous , my abdomen is queasy , and I get occasional , incredibly uncomfortable waves of heat that shoot up from my stomach to my sternum .
within a few hours of missing a dose i start to feel weird .
Often ca n't stop yawning about 3:30 PM daily for about an hour .
MAJOR head pressure , dizziness , moodiness , agitation , no patience , insomnia , suicidal thoughts .
tremors , dizziness , headaches , anger , fits of rage , electrical shocks throughout whole body .
Severe diarrhea , which caused bad abdominal cramping .
Delayed orgasm .
My Doctor which me to cymbalta because of the neuropathy pain I was having .
nausea at first , which subsided after a couple of weeks .
Crazy dreams and visions , slight insomnia , my teeth are killing me from grinding them and I guess that caused my headaches .
Overall , Effexor did very well relieving my depression .
Today is Sunday , 11-9-08 ) In the past three nights , I have been experiencing insomnia .
The side effects have been manageable compared to lexapro and celexa .
Started w/ 50MG to build up to 100/day and during first week period experienced horrible side effects ; tremors , nausea , etc After that week , no side effects whatsoever .
My anxiety is more under control , but not gone .
difficult in reaching orgasm .
I am tired most of the time , still depressed and very sad .
INTENSE JAW PAIN , TREMORS , INSOMNIA , LACK OF SEXUAL DESIRE , DRY MOUTH , MOOD SWINGS .
withdrawal symptoms are so bad and unbearable .
It has caused me to be severely fatigued with flu-like symptoms that came on about 24 hours after beginning this drug .
Went to 20mg after some really tough life circumstances , Side-effects were unmanageable !
It calmed down when I got some Xanor for three weeks ( was still worse than before lexapro though ) , after that back to lots of anxiety , derealisation , nausea etc , Also could n't sleep much , woke at 6.30am with horrible anxiety no matter when I fell asleep the day before .
I 'm now back on it and `` stable '' , but planning to wean slowly very slowly off it , take coution when weaning , start only as a last resault IMO , herbals , exersize and therapy , spiritual or other wise , anything but a drug as ADDICTIVE gravely so as this type , Yea , do n't talk to me about so called addictive medicationsie opiates or benzos .
Am taking this in combination with Wellbutrin , which counteracts the sexual side effects and the sleepiness .
Lack of interest in sex ruined my marriage .
I was to the point that if I even looked at my baby or heard his voice I wanted to vomit .
I was like a squirrel on crack , no sleep , could n't concentrate , metallic taste in mouth , JAW WENT NUMB !
extremely hard to withdraw from
I suffered no major side effects when lowering the drug - just some light headedness that lasted a couple of days .
My depression has lifted a lot and the obsessive thinking about my breakup has diminished greatly .
I 've gone years and years being depressed , sometimes severe sometimes moderately .
I would take time off work to collect .
15 months later I 'd gained 30 lbs , had horrible withdrawal effects each time I tried to come off of it including nausea , dizziness , fatigue , etc I finally had a dr help me wean off 7 months ago and since that time the depression has become worst than ever w/ suicidal thoughts at times , major irritability , lack of concentration , and a major loss of love and vigor for a life has dwindled .
No noticeable side effects until dosage was increased from 50 to 100mgs , then I noticed decrease in sex drive and increase in weight gain .
Have trouble with memory .
Chronic cough , weight gain , no sexual interest .
I stopped over analyzing everything .
I 'm a stay-at-hme-dad of toddler & infant and am glad that I 'm not depressed with anxiety while raising them , That said , I ca n't wait until I 'm ready to stop , WEIGHT GAIN : 6,7 %
The first time I took Zoloft was for depression and explosive anger when I was 19 and it worked like a dream .
Felt a bit sluggish , but after a month or so on the 150mg dose , have overcome that side effect .
Once body is adjusted , only side affect is rapid weight gain .
That went away and then I had terrible problems reaching orgasm .
I was experiencing panic attacks and depression that was making me unable to come out of my room because I was to worried about what `` would happen '' .
NO LIBIDO , anxiety , s/s of OCD ie biting nails and lips , lightheadedness / dizzy , occasional nausea .
BIG TIME BRAIN ZAPS , DRY MOUTH , WEIGHT GAIN , SUICIDE THOUGHTS , LEG AND ARM TINGLING , HAIR LOSS , CHEST PAINS , GAS , YOU NAME IT I FELT ALMOST ALL SIDE EFFECTS .
Dialated pupils after a few weeks of taking , to the point of blurred vision .
This has subsided after a month or so , Constipation .
1 ) After two to three hours vomit 2 ) Stiff muscles ( Lack of oxygen ? )
Totally horse tranq knocked out for 12hrs within 2hrs of tasking it could n't focus on anything laid down and stayed there all day apart from running to the toilet with diarrhoea a few times .
some dizziness , nausea , tiredness .
My moods are stable , but I 'm now mildly and continuously depressed because of the two main side effects - lack of libido and bad night sweats .
Lack of ability to obtain erection ( before taking , it was almost as if I could just think about something sexual to obtain erection , now my girlfriend and I both need about 10 minutes of heavy passionate kissing to even get horny ( she is also on Zoloft now ) , Ejaculating problems , mainly sexual side effects .
Restlessness , anxiety , persistent thoughts of death and suicide .
tremor ( especially in hands ) , zombie feeling at too high a dosage , tiredness , lack of energy , numbing .
I feel tired a lot in the middle of the day but I always have in the winter anyway !
I thought I could deal with it but after 4 months , I am feeling the exhaustion of not getting full nights ' sleep .
To sum it up , Cymbalta is a good medicine to try if nothing else is helping and especially if you have fibro and depression .
i experienced all these symptoms after just one 10mg pill and still sufering the side effects two weeks later .
If I take the medicine at night I wo n't go to sleep .
After being hospitalized , my new doctor put me back on the previous AD which I can honestly say saved my life .
Much improvement from the suicidal ideation , dysphoria , depression .
I get so irritable and aggressive when I do n't take it .
major weight gain that led to high systolic blood pressure .
I sweated like crazy , I felt even more depressed than ever , I became anti social and my anxiety worsened .
I do n't know if Lexapro helps with depression .
All left after a couple of weeks , Erectile disfunction .
Brain buzzing within 12 hours of missed dose .
Drastic drop in libido , profuse sweating , decreased appetite .
Then as time went over the past few months , since no improvement in depression Doctor upped dose to 120mg , I feel more like an emotional zombie .
but I was debating suicide at the time .
I was shaking , I had tremors , my mind was confused , I had no logic to my scientific mind .
Good drug in terms of lack of side effects , specially when compared to other antidepressants , After awhile , the drug just made me numb , I couldnt really feel anything , and there was a desire in me to look for stimulation elsewhere .
Episodes of ravenous hunger and loss of appetite .
The one thing I did notice is it controlled my ruminating which was a bit of a relief .
NO DEPRESSION
My knees shake a bit and my dexterity seem a little impacted going down stairs , but it 's worth feeling normal again .
The side effects are easily found on the net , so if you are a first timer , be wary of the side effects .
The only problems I had with it were when I came off it the first time .
Feeling this out of control is scary .
I had a very hard time coming off the med .
On 225 mg This stuff just numbs me out .
Initially , lose of appetite , sweating , dry mouth , constipation .
When I get nervous ( which is often ) my body will literally move in coordination with other people 's bodies .
severe sleep disturbances , abnormal ejaculation , anorexia .
My career was at an all time low !
Sex drive non-existant , headaches , facial muscle tension .
I seem to have been born depressed .
decreased appetite , fatigue , maybe a little `` foggy '' .
I was suprised to read through the comments and no one elses experienced hairloss .
I have been off of Effexor for about nine months and I still experience withdrawl effects atleast once a week .
When I do n't take it , ( if I miss my dose ) I have difficulty sleeping .
I had prior knowledge to know that this was way to fast so I took 6 weeks to taper and still suffered terribly , it was worse than my original condition and symptoms , be very careful stopping this drug too quickly or it can be PURE HELL !
Yes - you may have difficulty sleeping , I take Trazadone but have for years .
Hot flashes and restless sleep for the first 4 weeks .
poor short-term memory , increased alcohol craving , increased reaction to alcohol / blackouts , vivid dreams , sleep disturbances ( talking in sleep ) , weight gain ( 15+ lbs ) and decreased sex drive .
DO NOT TAKE THIS CRAP IT HAS RUINED MY LIFE , CAN NOT DRIVE .
the med made me more anxious than before , agitation , sleeplessness .
I stopped taking it because I missed having orgasms and was sick of the weight gain and fatigue .
slight anxiety increase , night sweats .
Even though I tapered down in 1/4 pill increments , the worst withdrawal symptoms happened to me after I completely stopped , Dizziness , headaches , neck pain as well as muscle stiffness throughout the body are main complaints .
I would not recommend this drug to anyone , it is not worth the hell you go through , due to the side effects .
I was TERRIFIED , felt like I was intoxicated by some horrible drug , they admited me for 5 days , then I quit this drug and started on LAMICTAL which saved my life I now feel content and complete .
Emergency Room visit with tachycardia and violent vertigo .
Ongoing side effects include nausea ( if I do n't eat something with it ) , sleepiness , and difficulty achieving orgasm .
I wake up a lot in the morning with my jaw feeling tired and aching , and it never even occured to me that it may have been because of the Effexor ( until i came upon this site ! ) .
The alternative right now would be having the weekly panic attacks again which I am in no mood to continue .
since i started taking cymbalta i 've found that no food sounds desirable and i keep waking up in the middle of the night .
I have to admit that my anxiety is not as bad and my depression is not as bad .
Apathy , memory loss , blurred vision , insomnia , nightmares , sexul dysfunction , shivers and shakes and the list goes on .
Exausted too !
Weight gain , increased appetite .
I tried Cymbalta at difference dosages and my general impression when I was taking 30mg and later 60mg day was that Cymbalta helped a great deal for my anxiety- I just felt in control again and stupid chores did n't seem like such a big deal anymore .
nausea/ weight loss the first month .
I have the opposite of the `` weight gain '' problems as I seem to be losing weight now .
I wish I could 've afforded to come off gradually , but oh well , what 's done is done .
I was hoping it would eventually go away so I continued to take it and after the 6th day of the same intense side effects I finally had to just chunk them in the trash .
numb hands and feet during the first 2 weeks , sinus swelling , sligth headaches and nasea .
The biggest gift of Zoloft , I 'd say , is that it allows me to *think* ; those of us severely depressed know that , even worse than the dysthymia , is the inability to read printed matter .
I have noticed my mood to be lower and more mad lately .
Have your blood pressure checked even if like me , you have never had a problem with it you may be in for a nasty surprise !
I only recently acknowledged that I had a severe emotional disorder in my early thirties , Still , even then .
painful , extreme , and constant Weight gain .
I also felt uncontrollably sleepy for over a week .
distrust of all include myself , insomnia , dizziness , lose weigh t , anxiety , panic attack , swoon .
my moods changed i did n't care if i ever got out of bed and i was down right miserable !
Constipation .
do n't know if my problems were because I was n't depressed ( I was misdiagnosed with depression when my problems were Claritin side effects ) .
I 'm dealing with mild nausea but feel the calming affects .
feeling really weird on it sevre visual disturbances and extreme weakness .
Throat ulcers , ear ache , jittery , nervous , migrane when I missed a dose , dangerous interaction with Incocid suppository ( for pain from tear in disc ) blood in stool , vaginal bleeding .
it only somewhat works , i still need to take buspar to help relieve residual anxiety
sentences
My depression was gone until after about 5 months then the Zoloft just stopped working .
I 'd been on Effexor for 2 years with decent depression management , however it exacerbated my anxiety , caused sleeplessness & foggy-headedness .
I also had some really strange images while trying to go to sleep last night .
It is now back to 112/72 ) Lexapro worked great for my depression after only 2 days .
suidical feelings .
Then I got lazy and was n't consistent about taking it and whenever I tried to take it again I 'd deal with horrible nausea , so I weaned off .
others like insomnia , no libido , and sweats appeared prior , with menopause .
Sex is still enjoyable but it 's harder to climax , which is annoying , but I think is getting better with time .
I only take it now when I am having a particularly BAD day ( suicidal ) .
I ca n't imagine going through the withdrawal again , either , so I think I will run scared from this prescription for a while longer , o
I will accept the annoying side affects if cymbalta continues to keep the grim reaper , depression and anxiety , OUT of lifejourney .
Itching , which comes and goes .
After attempting to wean off of this medicine it feels like you are going to die .
have noticed a bit of sexual delay .
Im lucky I didnt die b/c I just stopped cold turkey one day and the brain zaps puking and overall feeling you get is like no other .
Worked very well with minimal side effects but felt my anxiety was starting to get worse .
At dose 75 , I experience moments of bliss , and extreme colors .
In a constant fog , inability to concentrate , no libido , memory loss , night sweats and vivid nightmares ( in the first month , stopped eventually ) .
I cut off all my hair and took the remaining 40 pills after taking about 10 pills as prescribed so it did not take long for me to get into this semi-suicidal state .
: extreme fatigue , night sweats , always too warm , slight jaw clenching , vivid dreams .
any I had initially went away after a few weeks but the lack of sex drive is why I had to quit taking it .
Having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep already .
However , the side effects are awful , but to me it 's worth it because after trying Lexapro , Wellbutrin , and Zoloft , this is the only thing that makes me feel better .
Lack of sex drive , weight gain , sleep problems .
For me , i noticed within 2 days that the rumination was all but ceased .
Yawning every minute or two .
Discontinued medication , using Motrin to pre-empt headaches .
Very sleepy , would doze off at work at my desk and during meetings .
2nd time on med in 1999 it seemed to not even touch my anxiety / depression .
The side effects go away .
It gave me horrible nightmares and I kept waking up .
lexapro has caused NO mania and has really helped the depression -i no longer want to kill myself everyday .
I can not get off this drug but i can not stay on it either , Pure poison !
sleeping a lot , low energy , sometimes hungry sometimes not , jaw grinding quite a bit , feeling ok then really down unexpectedly , sometimes not able to sleep until 4am , not much feeling down below , want to express myself and cry but ca n't , dry mouth sometimes , cigarettes do n't taste as good , alchohol cravings sometimes , zombie like feeling but this improved on taking med at night .
HOrrible migraines but i have had migraines since early childhood , This medicine just caused more frequency and higher degree of pain with headaches , Best medicine for depression that i had ever taken and worked instantly .
Slight nausea at first - but went away after a few days .
I have aches and pains as if I have the flu .
Disturbed about the major joint discomfort in my wrists .
But when I came off it was the WORST experience I felt like I was in withdrawal from a hardcore drug .
On 120 mg 11 months later , depression has lifted and general anxiety has decreased overall , but I feel like I am always 'shaking ' and ' can not breathe ' , and I can not sleep any longer than 3 hours per night .
I feel like a junkie .
Much better than constant bickering with hubby and occasional temper tantrums where I threw and broke things : ( .
I became more tired , cold and weak after about 6 weeks so I had to discontinue .
You will end up with a light headed feeling and what I call `` trailers ' meaning that it takes your eyes a second to catch up with your focus .
I had terrible panic and anxiety .
I had more anxiety attacks , acting out on loved ones .
to the point of gaining 40lbs which is also not lovely .
I also did n't like the weird feelings when I first started so I took half doses until I got used to them and then moved to the full dose .
WORST WITHDRAWAL EVER .
No initial side effects except dry mouth which went away after a while ( 4 weeks or so ) .
Yes , it did take the anxiety away , but it 's making mashed potatoes out of my brain .
I am still having brain zaps here and there , and my anxiety has returned .
It made my RLS 4xs worse .
Bipolar depression anxiety 95 % erection and 95 % orgasm , Heavy drinking night , 75 % having an erection and 75 % orgasm , Illegal drugs , Speed 85 % erection and 10 % orgasm , Bipolar depression anxiety 95 % erection and 95 % orgasm , Effexor XR 65 % erection 2 % orgasm even when trying for 4 hours plus !
No real bad side effects unless I missed a dose then I 'd cry a lot .
Severe insomnia first week , almost constant nausea , migraines , intense panic first couple nights .
headache , dizziness , loss of sex drive , insomnia .
It Feels like im living in 2 different worlds , my daytime world and dream world .
Uncontrolable crying , dark thoughts , exploded at anyone who looked at me wrong , gained 40+ pounds within 4 months .
all the time , yet will have trouble falling asleep at night , can nap for half a day no problem .
I am now on Wellbutrin ( awesome ) but I am still on effexor and have decreased my dose which makes you feel outside of yourself .
When I first started Cymbalta ( 30mg ) I had a major decrease in my appetite and a lot of trouble sleeping .
I had a little bit of a problem falling asleep last night .
i have tried many times to slowly come off it with no success .
Most of these side effects diminished markedly after 2 weeks .
I literally screamed at a stranger over a parking spot .
It 's not that I am not depressed anymore , I just do n't care .
Suffered from sporadic depression / anxiety for over 20 years , and had been in and out of counseling for about 18 years before trying lexapro .
Have gained back all of the weight I lost and have a big appetite .
Going off this drug was horrible .
I also just felt like crap for days .
One other thing is dry mouth .
Nausea , Insomnia , Loss of appetite , Dizziness , Dry mouth , Increased sweating , Constipation , Abnormal dreams , Weight loss , High blood pressure , Flushing , Abdominal pain , Twitching , Inability to sit still , A rapid heart rate , Fever , sweating , or shivering , Coughing , Extreme confusion , High cholesterol , Hemorrhoids , Liver problems , A decreased sex drive , , My Dr. tried every medication and nothing worked , until he put me on Effexor XR .
I did n't care about anything .
Yawning at first , no appetite , fatigue , no sex drive .
I guess I can say that there are times my blood pressure increases .
I 've found that the side effects are tolerable in exchange for the remarkably stable feeling I have and the absence of any depression or suicidal thoughts .
I feel less needy and fearful of abandonment .
I could n't sleep at night but all I wanted to do during the day was sleep , I had no appetite .
Insomnia for the first few days .
Decreased sex drive .
About 3 months ago , I began to have symptoms- not so much depression but of mood swings , severe irratibility & anger .
The Lexapro alone actually seemed to increase my desire to just do nothing and want to be left alone .
Anxiousness and anger .
Loss of sex drive , manic episodes , trouble sleeping .
Getting off this DRUG is a living hell .
Constipation ( 1200 mg calcium gel caps is a remedy ) , the first day I experience , d 1 or 2 hrs of nausea first day only , dizziness has been eliminated by taking the 60 mgs at night !
some sleepiness .
Some people have mentioned that this medicine does n't work for mild depression , just major or suicidal depressives , I disagree .
The side effects were like living a second version of my personal hell .
Loss of appetite , weight loss , a bit of a headache about an hour after taking it .
Dizziness , nausea , headache , buzzing noise in head .
Lost weight at first .
I am a low risk person ( no smoking , low weight , am on birth control ) but I definately believe that my PEs were a result of the rapid decline in Cymbalta .
I AM WEENING MYSELF OFF NOW AND IT IS HELL I HAD TO QUIT MY JOB AND I HOPE TO GET THIS CRAP OUT OF MY SYSTEM , BEWARE !
Jaw clenching , insomnia , excessive yawning , tiredness & nausea if not taken with food .
Further , I suffer from PMS and Prozac was highly effective for relieving those symptoms .
First few weeks : fatigue , dry mouth , jaw clenching , night sweats , always feeling too warm , vivid dreams , What 's still with me today ?
Had to have me b/f pick me up and take me to ER .
After 3 days stopping 100 mg a day , I should not have been behind the wheel .
My weight at 140 lbs made me sad .
My pain increased tremendously and I was a basket case emotionally with crying , etc I had to go back on the Effexor and make an appointment with my prescriber to find something to cover me for when I have the myelogram .
very sleepy the first week and the first week of increased dose .
I have goten much calmer and was able to to face day to day problems without huge anxiety and stress , So overall .
At first my anxiety increased for the first week or so , but 0.25mg Xanax controlled that .
agitation ; hostility ; suicidial thoughts ; increased pain ; increased depression ; muscle spasams in legs and feet ; dry eye ; increased blood pressure ; heart palpitations ; increased anxiety , etc Switched to Cymbalta because of claims that it helps with pain .
HOW TO QUIT THIS DRUG : Buy an over-the-counter sinus headache medicine for the zaps , and take very high doses of Omega-3s , Also , attempt to take a low dose of a drug such as Zoloft if you are able .
I used to describe it as if vague , kind of abstracted strings were pulling me and everyone else around me in accordance with eachother .
Although suffering from depression for most of my adult life .
I do not feel any better , I still have anxiety , severe foul mood s , complete negative outlook on life .
I did n't really feel many benefits for my depression though .
weight gain ,
takes much longer to climax .
I could sleep two days straight and still feel tired .
pupils were hugely enlarged , clenching my jaw alot , suffering alot of dreaming i never use to .
I still feel , my emotions are not numb ( thank God ) , but I no longer internalize , and foster negative feelings .
Decreased libido and insomnia .
It was brilliant for 2 weeks , except for some queasiness .
then i was given 60 mg and i have been taking that for about 3 weeks now and i have highs and lows all the time .
Now I am trying to get off of the meds ( pretty rough ) to alleviate the negative side effects and return to a more natural state .
definatly get real nausious .
The withdrawal is AWFUL !
The first year was great , other than a decreased sex drive .
Upset stomach and no appetite .
Withdrawal symptoms always happened within 24 hours of missed dose .
Also , my feeling of being able to trust others improved ( guess I had mild paranoia that I didnt know I had ) .
Duno but i need my brain back !
Also , spells of dizziness not associated with a change in position ( randomly while sitting down or walking , not just upon standing up ) .
I would not reccommend this drug to anyone with anxiety issues , as it was not a very big help .
Night terrors , Vivid dreams , Nightmares .
Nightmares , Dizziness , Dry Mouth , Suicide thoughts , Hot flushes , Addictive .
fatigue , irritability , lack of appetite ( without weight loss ) .
The last 4 days I have sleep 8-10 hours and then wanted to lay in bed another 4 ) I ca n't take the side effects and go to work .
The initial side effects are terrifying but thankfully past experience told me to
Fainting , nervousness , nausea , insomnia , sweating .
I felt like a drug addict that could not function without the medication .
I eat so much less than I used to , and still ca n't seem to lose the weight I gained while on Lexapro .
I was unable to sleep , had blurred vision , and felt sick to my stomach .
i suffer from upset stomach , headache ( always over my lft eye ) terrible highs and lows and hot flashes .
When I whent fron efexor xr 75 to 150 inmeditely i start feeling very warm in the stomag and sleppless in about three weeks after I en up in the emmergency room with 57 of hemoglobin concentration out of 135 they have to give me 4 bags of blood and I stayed there for three days , during those days I did not take the efexor but on the fourth day when I came out of the hospital I was feeling very dizzy so I took the efexor again with food in the morning and later I eat two kiwis and I felt so much pain in the ulcer caused by efexor that I had to drink a lot of milk to calm down the horrible pain .
I have also had night sweats on a few occasions .
So mostly the weight issue is a big deal .
Side effects were sleepiness and excessive sweating .
About four hours after my dose it 's like I went downhill , my head got very heavy , and that was the foggy state .
I do n't know if it is related but I lost my job because of it .
The worst AD withdrawals I have ever experienced and I 've tried heaps .
Was on this for several years , had back surgery and wanted to quit Effexor because I was no longer depressed or in pain .
Side effects included : First month or so : going back and forth from being quite and calm to being extremaly anxious without a reason especially about two hours after taking the doze , Very vivid , weird dreams , occasional nightmares every night for about 2 months .
then I lost it , The hospital told my husband I was functioning at 28 % consciousness , I wrote all over my body , talked to the walls , cried HARD , and screamed `` dont touch me ! ''
I feel like I want to go run or jump up and down or something to get rid of this excess energy .
When all is said and done , and after taking so many other AD 's that have really messed me up , this is by far the best , with the least amount of side effects .
Brain zaps ; grinding my teeth ; night sweats ; constant shaking of my hands and limbs ; not being able to stop my Head going into tremours ; insomnia ; constant fatigue ; headaches ; hair falling out ; forgetfulness ; sore jaw etc - you name it I got them all badly !
The sweating is really bad , but i 've found a great solution - aerosol deoderant !
Shortly after taking this medication I would get severe stomach cramps that would last a few minutes .
I experience some drowsiness so I take it at night .
After eight weeks of the above I sincerely doubt that anybody taking lexapro can know which way is up , much less notice a decrease in depression .
I had 2 nights where I just could n't sleep , was slightly nautious and my pupils were MASSIVE !
If not for the numbness this would be a great drug .
Sweating for the first 7-8 months was AWFUL .
I dont have fits of rage anymore , I am calm when things happen and that way I deal with them better .
I have never had more interesting dreams than those I had on Lexipro .
For the first two weeks I was very nauseous .
I had headaches the first few days but those have already gone away .
I have a subtle ringing in my ears .
I have not been able to work , take care of my husband or daughter , take care of my house or even make meals on a consistent basis for the past 5 weeks while I am trying to get off of this med .
weight gain mostly and i think my dose is too high , when i was first put on it it was just 75mg and i have gradually increased it to 300mg sometimes - now i think this high dose has caused me to have an excessive appetitte .
-later they found out i was bipolar so this could be the reason for the adverse reactions .
At no point would I have taken this drug if I had known that I would miss vital days of my final year at school , lose the respect of my employer , and loose my friends as a result of withdrawing from it after a very short period .
Weight gain ( 20lbs ) , no sexual feelings at all , inability to reach orgasm , terrible night sweats , tremor in hands , headaches , feeling of , At first , I di n't realize all of these side effects were related to Zoloft .
I also think Lexapro and alcohol were a bad mix for me .
It helped my depression tremendously , but sexual side effects are severe in my case .
I ran out of it for 4 days , and experienced lightheadedness and a crying spell until I took it again .
Helped with depression after postpartum but I am considering trying to stop due to severe night sweats & cost of Lexapro .
dry mouth , insomnia , anxiety .
After a few months , I started to notice it was making me become somewhat bipolar - on it , I was annoyingly happy and jumpy , but after two hours of taking it , I felt the same , and after two more hours , I was extremely depressed .
Can get very turned on but just no release !
I HAVE NEVER felt so awful as I do today .
do not wean off effexor too soon as i had one very bad day and experienced mild halloucinations
Lack of motivation .
Racing heart , severe anxiety , panic , nausea , speeded-up metabolism .
nausea , headache .
Blurred vision , diarrhoea , nausea , heart burn , hyper / wired can stay awake for 48hr s so have to take a sedative to sleep , insomnia , brain zaps / waves like vertigo but whilst sitting , speech problems and speech block , memory loss , suicidal thoughts with one attempt , dry mouth , involuntary movements like jerking .
slight weight gain .
A little concerned that loss of control with appetite will cause weight gain that will depress me , Also , brain fog may be clearing a bit .
had to pee every five minutes all night .
She has depression and has tried many meds .
Decreased appetite , which is rather nice .
It increases the effect of alcohol and caffeine so I have to be careful with those .
I went on Cymbalta for my Depression / Fibromyalgia .
Just DO N'T miss a dose .
Inability to gain an erection without significant physical stimulation from partner ; even then , orgasm was infrequent .
Too bad about sex , alcohol and tobacco , I enjoyed them all , but Effexor has really helped me .
I checked myself into the ER 3x in one week certain that I was dying .
That subsided around 10am , That 's when I noticed how much of a space cadet I was feeling .
But more alarming was the sensation of pressure behind my eyes -like they were going to pop out !
I found taking it at breakfast reduced nausea .
some weight gain .
Typical with effexor XR- Dizzy , jaw tight , teeth grinding .
I can barely walk up a couple of stairs without a deep burning and fatigue within my muscles .
Took Fri afternoon , nauseous and dizzy immediately , spaced out , went to bed for 2 hrs , got up , could n't even make dinner , stumbling/spacey .
Clenching my jaw has gotten worse since I 've been on it .
heart palpitations , chronic constipation , legs weak and heavy , trembling , crying jags , irritability , once or twice a `` rage '' reaction , very low self esteem , feeling unsafe and insecure , unhappy and scared .
The first few days were like a fog .
Gained 20lbs in 4 months .
Inability to Ejaculate during sex .
Vivid dreams , night sweats , extreme lethargy , decreased interest in sex , feeling emotionless , nausea .
Even though I gained weight and had no sex drive I did n't much care about it .
Now I do n't wake up until morning but I am soaked with sweat .
Not sleeping for over 48 hours , heart palpitations , ending up in hospital in a manic state .
I did get permission to cut the dose to 60 mg 1x a day , but it has been pure hell going down as I have a whole set of new side effects .
There was no improvement in the level of my anxiety , depression , or OCD .
10mgs daily Lexapro has helped my anxiety and has chilled me out .
( I used to consider myself a `` mini manic depressive `` . )
I have only been on 30mg for 4 days and have the extreme runs .
Headaches , mood swings , grinding teeth , feeling low , loss of concentration , anger , suicidal and omicidal thoughts .
It made me feel so much better and completely stopped the anxiety and panic attacks .
Wild , life-like/real dreams ; definitely CAN NOT skip a dose ( wicked headache and dizziness ) .
I would never have guessed withdrawal would be so terrible .
But it works great for my depression
I am blaming the 40 lbs gained in a year on the meds because I was active and watched my diet .
Some libido decrease .
My only worry is about weight gain .
One P doc has told me this may be because I had Dysthmia and SAD .
Suicidal thoughts and attempts , Dreadful withdrawal-nearly ruined my life and continues to be a huge problem .
Night sweats which I still get occasionally as well as very vivid dreams .
Compared to previous medication I was taking , Lexapro did in fact take away my physical pain I was suffering , but has caused so much more in emotional pain .
Now that I 've been on it for a while , I get random tics when at rest that are n't severe enough to really bother me .
depression got a lot worse after just being on it for just 3 days .
I noticed a major improvement in my depression after 2 weeks .
Possibly tiredness / sleepiness ( though I 've felt that way long before starting Cymbalta ) .
I no longer cry everyday and think of suicide everyday .
Insomnia was horrid the first 2-3 days , not sleeping but 2-3 hours each night .
Reduced cognition , fatigue , addiction .
If you think giving a depressed woman who has never had a weight problem , an extra 30 lbs to carry around is a good idea you would be mistaken .
Doc put me on something for that and it worked during the day but I wake up nightly with soaked clothes .
that was ok for about 3 days then i started having constant panic/anxiety , as well as crying a lot at innappropriate times .
The withdrawls are devestating .
I took myself off this drug and started a strict regimen of exercise and improved my diet which did wonders for my depression and anxiety .
I also have a lack of motivation .
Cymbalta made my nervousness and depression worse !
Decrease in Libido .
I can get so depressed right before my period that I would be downright suicidal , cry uncontrollably , have passive aggressive tendencies , and that is gone .
dry mouth , shaky , gas and bloating , upper back ache especially at night , clammy feeling , headache , nervousness .
I think due to the fact the zoloft has numbed any feeling of guilt of what I 'm eating .
Now my anxiety is up but my depression is decreasing .
I have been dizzy and now as I progress into withdrawal , I am becoming more agitated , negative and morose .
Originally I was prescribed Zoloft for depression & anxiety attacks and was given 50mg dose from the start .
The risks/side effects are not worth the inital relief .
WEIGHT GAIN ! , WEIGHT GAIN ! , AND WEIGHT GAIN .
auditory hallucinations everyday !
jittery , ca n't sleep , no sex drive .
But skipping a dose is BAD .
Loss of appetite .
I feel like I 've been chemically neutered .
Slightly delayed orgasm and some strange dreams .
always tired but can not sleep at night , i wake up every hour .
Initially had some sexual problems , but remedied that by taking it at night before bed ( and after sexual activity ) so that the level of the drug would be at its lowest point in the evenings .
just shrug my shoulders as my living room curtains caught fire from melted heater wire that sparked .
Mild itching and headaches .
Still have mild depression .
This drug has ruined mine and my partners life , as soon as she got past the withdrawal symtoms
Excessive sweating , nervousness , sick stomach , zombie-like feeling , tiredness , etc .
can be dangerous to those who are manic depressive .
Since taking Effexor , my life has been miserable , Ca n't sleep when I want to , ca n't stay awake when I want to , lethargic , dizzy , blurred vision , extreme fatigue , extreme increase in appetite .
Withdrawal ( if w/o for more than 3 days ) .
Never have I had such side effects , nor have I ever felt as `` drugged '' as I did on Cymbalta : nervous and speeding .
Side effects were terrible .
I lost weight considerably and shook all the time .
I often contemplate suicide Not sure whether I 'll overcome that .
My fatigue and down time is still present , no suicide thoughts but just NO enjoyment in anything .
the side effects are less common and some totally gone already .
The side effects were severe , but diminished as time passed , and have become tolerable within 2-3 months .
Weight gain ( 20 pounds in 6 months ) adverse sexual side effect , loopy when trying to come off of it , threw up many times a week within an hour of taking med .
Overall not too bad comparing to LEXAPRO and previous paranoid state of mind .
( of course , the problems i was having were causing those anyways ) Now no side effects , occasonal headaches , and jitters , but mostly I feel much much better .
These shocks radiated from my forehead , to my teeth , and then the rest of the way down my body .
When I first starting retaking it , I had no appetite for about 2 months , but that went away .
Withdraw symptoms of drug lasted 3 weeks and included Nausea , jolts of dizziness which included when i moved my eyes from side to side or looked at close things then afar .
Constapation , vivid dreams .
My doctor has prescribed a very low dose of Seroquel ( off-label ) to help the anxiety , but I have n't taken it .
Without it I would still be counting every single footstep and rechecking EVERYTHING in my apartment .
suicidal thoughts , mood swings , difficulty to concentrate .
have to take sleeping pills with it .
I barely remember the last 3.5 months .
I 've gotten used to the side effects , and am sticking with it .
My head was in an unbelievable fog .
My outlook is depressing .
caused muscle tension - especially painful jaw clenching - took myself off .
Dosed at 35 to start , have built up to 225 ) I started out taking Xanax to battle my insominia , but it did n't do much .
I was tired , and felt extra exhausted all the time .
The side effects I have experienced when MISSING a dose or more are : jittery-ness , dizziness and vertigo , nausea , swells in mood , overall awful feeling .
This has done wonders for my extreme sensitivity and irritability .
tired , thirsty , , wasnt helpful
I guess that 's always better than feeling suicidal , right ?
By the next morning , I would barely be able to get out of bed , had dizziness , brain zaps , nausea , headaches , excessive sweating /urination that often lead to dehydration , etc .
THE ONLY SIDE EFFECTS I EXPERIENCED WAS PROBLEMS REACHING ORGASM .
major nausea and vomiting the first week and a half for me , extreme dizziness .
Even with all this I function normally & I am self employed , which is extremely stressful .
after a while though 150 started to lose its effectiveness and subsequently i got moved up to 225 ) now i feel like an emotional wall .
no desire to have sex , can not orgasim , currently hurts to have sex .
I took Lexapro together with Wellbutrin to `` correct '' concurrent depression and anxiety .
Gradually over 3 hrs the heavy dark shroud of miserable depression began to fall away .
Worse trying to go off it , so I 'm still on it .
It is suppose to be not addictive but it has all the side effects of an addictive drug .
sweating , severe tremors , chest pain , Withdrawl side effects : brain flashes , emotional , irrational , aggressive , angry , diahhorea , stomach cramps , vomiting , unable to relax or sleep- these got better after about 2 weeks , but still hanging around .
med helped for a while , but I gained about 30lbs in the midsection .
felt physically ill during the first 3 weeks at 60 mg on this med .
This medication caused a horrible dopamine imbalance , which current medicine can , but WILL NOT TREAT .
Reduced libido , some difficulty with ejaculation .
napping many times a day for extended periods , night sweating .
tiredness , increase in alcohol abuse/depenence ( not near as bad as paxil ) , slightly decreased sexual desire ( again not nearly as bad as paxil ) , somewhat decrease in energy , occasional euphoria .
Heavy sedation , Jaw Clenching , Inability to organism .
Also I had a very slow metab .
i have great social anxiety again , lots of self-doubt , have not felt joy in a very long time .
I have been tapering from 60 mg per day , to 40 , and now to 20 ) I feel dizzy whether I take it or not .
Also helped me gain over 40 lbs that wo n't come off no matter what I do .
I was n't able to sleep at night because I always felt like I was going crazy .
The first 6 weeks there was a lot of running to the bathroom .
Greatly improved my depression in a month or so after fluoxetine only gave a slight improvement .
had Insomnia so i took benadryl .
I am afraid of withdrawl .
I was actually able to overcome a long-standing fear of flying .
long term side fx at 150 mg have been a lowered libido and some chronic muscle pain .
or not being able to get out of bed because facing the depression and feelings your having is to much of a load on your heart/mind to bother .
It made me so mentally ill I almost ended up in a psych ward .
I have a feeling of wellness and contentment ; no anxiety attacks , no weight gain , no night sweats - i just feel like my old self - optimistic and upbeat .
When I have gone off the medication , the depression and anxiety is so awful .
A whole weekend went by and I did n't know where I was or what time or day it was .
I would like to get off but the withdrawl symptoms stop me .
I dont know if I should stay on this or not , i 'm only on 25mg for 6 days so far but i cant take much more of this afternoon anxiety .
Gave me my life back after completely breaking down six months ago .
head fog .
May increase dosage again , but I 'm concerned about the wooziness .
Do n't like that feeling of not caring about anything , though , good or bad .
At 20 mg , depression was completely under control , but had weight gain and mild insomnia , o
Withdrawing from this drug has been a nightmare .
I was having painful , debilitating brain zaps , several per second , and though they gradually lessened , they lasted for months after I quit taking the drug .
I had extreme anger and road rage .
For me , this medication manages my depression if I take it at a low dose .
I took one dose of this med and was lucky to be able to drive home from work .
i 've not even been taking it for a week but i dont know if i can deal with the side effects .
I had to d/c my meds a few days before a neck myelogram and had a very bad reaction to the lack of Effexor in my system .
Digestive tract discomfort which has lead to a flare up of IBS .
I am still on 25mg of Zoloft b/c it is IMPOSSIBLE to come off of .
I missed a couple once and the side effects are the worst I have ever encountered from my many medications I have taken over the course of 30 years with this disorder .
Depression also runs in my family , my grandmother ,84 , Has finally taken anti depressants .
No nausea / dizziness like I experienced yesterday and the 7 days prior .
On 90 mg I had sweating at night so that my clothes are drenched , somtimes multiple times at night .
In the beginning I felt rather numb not happier .
At one point I was certain that I was having heart failure , because my entire body seized up and I could not move or speak .
With 300 mg , insomnia .
The withdrawals were not pretty .
nausea at first and clenching teeth , if i am a couple of hours late taking a dose i feel terrible , sick , faint , shakey , really awful .
Total loss of libido , horrific nightmares , insomnia , weight fluctuations , irritability / angry all the time .
Brain zaps constantly , the shakes , sweating , nightmares , anxiety , muscle spasms , and crying spells , Do n't take effexor its not worth the risk of a horrible withdrawal .
i started on 75mg and made my way up to 150 ) i may have gone too fast though becuase i got numb in my face and hands with tingles that sometimes would move up my arms and shoulders .
increased anxiety during the afternoon which i dread .
Had a massive marriage breakdown 3 years ago and my illness was untreated until .
I had intense headaches for the first 3 days of taking Cymbalta , but then the depression `` fog '' cleared and I felt much less weighed down by my thoughts .
withdrawl is really tough , but past that , it 's a good drug .
Very disconcerting and unpleasant !
unable to have orgasm , loss of all emotion , insomnia , forgetfulness , loss of appetite which I do n't need .
Initially - zombie like feeling , no emotions , intense yawning ; Ongoing - extreme fatigue , ZERO sex drive , chills ( that is feeling like someone is walking over my grave .
It seemed to stop severe depression and helped my mood enough so that with counselling and support I could eventually get on with my life .
One of the side effects is Alopecia .
Dilated pupils , sleepiness , dizziness first few days , inability to cry , anxiety .
After 3 days my tongue was triple in size and a dark maroon color vivid dreams weird and wild , sores on tongue , no crying , head aches were gone .
Nausea , weight loss in beginning .
Increased anxiety , SERIOUS constipation ( for which even laxatives and epsom salts barely helped ) and stomach cramping , my stomach hurt all the time , disturbed sleep and trouble falling asleep , fatigue , headaches .
Before being prescribed Zoloft I was very depressed and suicidal .
If I do not take this drug , I become severely , despondent .
I sometimes supplement with Lexapro 20mg if my depression or anxiety increases for more than a couple of weeks .
And I gained 24 pounds , have no sexual desire and still have moody days .
So I finally made to decision to start it and hope for the best and it seems like not too many side effects are going to get me .
No urge to return to my old habits despite my unbelievable stress level .
Also , affects sleep patterns , I 'm exhausted earlier , but ca n't sleep well .
I was suicidal before I started taking it .
But I am so tired , all I want to do with my spare time is sleep and Now I am suffering severe anxiety daily as never before that I try to treat with Clonozpam .
Headaches , fitful sleeping and takes a while to get going in the morning .
Overall does help my depression .
night sweats , insomnia but when I did fall asleep vivid dreams , teeth clenching , decreased motivation , irratibility .
Sweating at night .
nothing was funny and nothing made me too upset either .
Difficulty obtaining orgasim .
Side effects also getting better .
Despite the many side effects I love this drug .
I am waking up every night absolutely soaked in sweat ( I can wring out my t-shirt and have drops of sweat coming out ) .
Not a good suggestion for depression .
My depression is at an all-time low and my anxiety getting better .
I must say that i felt the happiest i had ever felt in my life except for the extreme migraines , Due to the frequency of the migraines i discontinued cymbalta , wish i could go back on it .
I do n't cry as much which is a bonus but I do feel like crying at times during the day and I really hoped to be feeling much much better at the 11 week stage .
I love the effects of this med , except that now I am noticing weight gain ( 7lbs in last 2 mo . )
The med was okay until side effects had negative impacts and it was extremely difficult to get off of .
Weight gain , hair loss , headaches , insomnia .
Went back into severe depression .
Overall stoned feeling , tingly sensation s , confused , could not stop crying , dizzy and disoriented .
I was completely depleted of all energy .
It has been powerful at curing anxiety , depression and mental clutter .
no sex drive , weight gain , o
Vivid dreams / nightmares .
I swear the drug makes me very , very hungry .
I think Cymbalta has made me extremely angry at everyone and has made my obsessive thoughts worse !
ALmost shakey , or tremors , but they are `` below the surface '' rather than something visible .
It 's like not having emotions at all .
I was put on Zoloft for severe depression .
Slight nausea after taking the pill but nothing noticable after that .
Before taking effexor I had severe depression & anxiety .
Within a few days of starting lexapro oh my god the dreams are vivid , intense , long , and complex !
I could not function .
I felt uncomfortable in my own body for weeks , but not enough to quit .
When I went off of it , it was because I had become so angry and irritable I could n't be around anyone because I would become violent at nothing .
dry mouth ( first couple days ) , tremors ( spasms ) , sleeping more , loss of energy , sweating , lost interest in sex because had trouble climaxing .
After a few weeks on Zoloft it was amazing to me the way I felt ( that is , not constantly depressed ) .
I was given samples today and took one dose before coming to this site , where I learned that insomnia and decreased libido are serious side effects for many people ; these are already major , major issues for me , By now , the first feelings of `` tightness '' in my head , dry mouth , and a little bit of jitters have begun .
Since anxiety was the main issue this time , I did n't push for the Prozac .
The ' broken sleep ' however is frustrating .
After 2 weeks I had terrible acid reflux which I NEVER had before , constipation , stomach ache 24/7 , then rectal bleeding which scared the heck out of me .
I 'm sorry this is more about not taking it than about side effects of taking it .
I sleep at night , no nightmares and my dreams are , REALLY VIVID as I am a VISUAL ARTIST .
I really wanted this to work and I do think it mellowed me out a bit , I was n't so on edge , so jumpy and moody and irritable .
I have developed an ulcer given the medication is very hard on your stomach and recently had my eyes checked and now I have developed glaucoma ( another lovely side effect of this drug ) Never did get my sex drive back .
The main side effect was being light headed , like a permanent head rush , Again .
While motivation rose , I found myself too tired to do anything .
The fatigue and sleepiness is a pain , but am willing to put up with it as it beats not being able to get out of bed .
I was only on 20MG and it worked mentally but to this day , my gastro-intestinal system is screwed up .
I would rather be depressed than feel like this-at least depression is predictable and I know it will end .
I am the biggest I have ever been .
The side effects got stronger and stronger as I felt brain fog , chronic fatigue and all those other side effects I mentioned on a daily basis .
After the two weeks the neuropathy pain subsided and had a loss of appetite which was a good thing for me .
I did that twice for a couple of days and ended up in the ER with nausea , pain all over my body and DEEP depression .
Initial weight gain , but have since lost it .
During the first few months of taking Cymbalta ( 30 mg ) I used to wake up at least 2X during the night to change pajamas & sheets/bedding due to intense sweating & was losing lots of sleep .
The nausea subsided but still suffer from the fatigue and horrible night sweats .
I liked the feeling I had while taking it , but what made me quit was the sexual side effect s and a 15 pound weight gain in 3 months .
AT ALL , nausea , weight gain , throat pain and exhaustion .
A week after the commencement of my treatment I took a razor blade and cut my wrists .
After taking this medication 2.5mg for 2 days my feelings of shock and depression are subsiding and I am feeling better .
GI Distress , Headaches at base of skull , Lethargy , Blurred Vision , Sleep Disturbances ( nightmares ) , anxiety .
Horrible headaches , brain `` swishes '' or `` zapping '' when I was even a few hours late for a dose , constipation , horrible crying spells when going through withdrawal .
I take it at night and any time I miss a dose , I tend to have very vivid dreams and night sweats .
My heart was racing , skin tingling , and even oddly numb .
Freaky dreams for a few months after starting it .
Other than an initial difficulty reaching orgasm I 've had no problems achieving orgasm after the first 4-6 weeks of being on Lexapro .
I have to take a nap every day .
Inability to focus /concentrate ,
I also found myself making a bizarre sucking motion with my mouth-possibly from the dryness ?
I lost weight and felt great .
Other than that it has helped enormounsly with my depression .
so far just tight neck and head muscles .
vivid dreams , clenching of the jaw , dry mouth , night sweats , interupted sleep , needing the toilet in the night , insomnia , weight gain , craving carbs , binge eating , weak joints , muscle tiredness , emotional numbness - feeling of not caring about anything or anyone , loss of labido , itching , excessive yawning and tiredness , short attention span .
I had chest pain , heart palpitations , vomiting , headache , rage , mood swings , and more .
I was hitting caffeine everyday on this med Made me extremely tired especially more while weaning off lexapro with the combination of the two drugs .
This stomach discomfort has faded about 75 % , as my body acclimates to the drug .
At no point was I warned that my personality would change and I would loose my social network .
i not fixated on stupid things that dont really matter , just got over battle with kidney cancer , ok now and loving life , people , dont sweat the little things in life that we dont have any control over , your just waisting brain cells .
If I let myself get hungry , then I get nauseated .
Nausea , vertigo and extreme fatigue to begin with ( first week or so ) .
I felt like as if i am watching my life from outside , unbearable pressure and headaches in the evening , non stop nausea , no appetite , hot flashes and shivering , clamsy hands , tingling on arms and legs , electric shocks , disorientated , loss of concious memory , nigtmares , fatigue , more depressed than ever , no sex drive , i felt like a zombie in hell .
I really did n't think that I was depressed , but I think since taking the Lexapro , my mood has lifted .
It has really helped with my depression and my ability to handle things .
I was able to function physically like a normal human being again for the first time in years , but I had no emotion whatsoever .
Lethargy , lack of concentration , brain zaps , nausea .
10 lb weight gain , increased amt panic attacks , anxiety .
Night Sweats , Restless Legs , Take 150mg , and that , along with Provigil that I started a bit later , appear to have given my regular epilepy meds a push to stop my seizures , that were previously at 4-5 a day .
These drugs really change a person , from their mood , to their personality .
and I still have occasional heart flutters , a clenched stomach , and the anxiety that goes with that .
I would like to try a different antidepressant because the loss of motivation and being tired all the time is making me feel lazy , worthless , and almost as depressed as before I started taking it .
Now im 28 and it gave me restless leg syndrome , paranoia , anxiety and I craved sweets constantly .
When I first started taking cymbalta I would wake up drenched at night from sweating .
my ONLY side effects have been listed , but mainly unusual vivid dreams .
There are also more mild effects on my sleep - Night sweats , and vivid dreaming .
I 'm still depressed pretty bad and that has yet to go away .
took my first dose this A. M. Will struggle through to see if benefits outweigh this horrible feeling .
Even though I feel slightly numbed out , I notice I 'm more relaxed than I have ever been-the brainfog does not interefere with my patient care and safety .
I really like this drug but am trying to decide if I can put up with the itching .
I had attempted suicide ( had been on Prozac for 12 years when it quit working , which I found out is not unusual ) .
Totally numb , could n't summon any feelings , even toward my partner .
I am typing this slowly & I barely know what 's going on .
Head is so mucked up I can barely move or think .
I had to have a heart cath , echo , stress echo and several other heart test .
I am having `` brain shivers '' , `` watermelon head '' , weight gain , etc I was taking 75mg for almost 2 years .
I ca n't read or focus my eyes because of the dryness and burning , my eyelids are swollen and , although it has helped somewhat with fibro pain , it 's not worth it .
nausea , cotton mouth , and lack of appetite .
Not sure if Lexapro really helped with my depression and anxiety , fortunately have a good therapist and positive environmental changes .
Had worsened depression and suicidal thoughts after going off this med- do n't know if it 's due to the Lexapro or my cycle of depression , just seems worth noting .
Totally worth any of the minor side effects I feel now .
It 's somewhere between dizzy and light headed .
Little nauseaus first couple of days .
My hair started falling out by the handful .
Initially experienced loss of appetite & weight loss .
I started taking it at 100mg and then went on 50mg due to headaches I was also using endep 50mg for insomnia and pain .
I also had the desire to drink alcohol heavily and got really drunk really fast .
Gained weight rapidly while on this drug .
Possible loss of libido .
May sound like a crappy drug , but I 'll take the side effects for no seizures any day .
I am now trying to cut back and on top of all those symptoms I am very itchy , shaky and miserable .
instead of isolating , I feel more at ease socially and I like being with people and feel especially close and grateful for my family , ( our pet dogs Joei and Jadie ) and loved one .
I felt horrible , my mouth tasted like metal and I could not sleep for days .
It is now 12 hours later and it still feels like LSD but I 'm getting more flu like symptoms now .
A few times I have experienced theo peripheral shadows , 1 second , then gone but I now realize what they are and they no longer scare the hell out of me .
I feel somewhat more stable than when off of this type of medicine , but I am also so unhappy with the long term side effects .
sexual , no effect on anxiety , still moods swing , still irritable .
dry mouth , severe thirst , hot flashes all over my body , tightness in my chest , severe diahrea , fuzzy mind , freaquent urination , lost 25 pounds in two weeks , muscle aches , flu like symptons , stomach cramps and tiredness .
I love Zoloft because of the very few side effects and its effectiveness in treating my anxiety and depression .
Drowsiness , anorgasmia ( which may cause me to add or switch to Welbutrin ) .
Loss in appetite but i think it is going to work hopefully .
my finger pads seem wrinkly - like a person forty years older than me .
I was very dizzy and sick to my stomach .
Difficulty with reaching orgasm .
I do n't get as upset about things nor do I worry myself crazy anymore .
ALL of the aforementioned side effects plus I feel like I have the flu .
Sometimes the sweating gets so excessive that I need to shower in the middle of the night .
loss of friends and made my relationship with family hard .
All that aside , at a remission-type dose ( 150 mg or less ) , if i do n't start experiencing very unusual health affects , i intend to stay on this drug for a long while .
I would sit down to study for class and forget what I just read .
I deal with massive exhaustion from FMS , pmdd , shingles , and EDS , and this has made it worse , though I 'm making it through work .
My stomach is on fire , and feels like i drank draino .
Severe teeth clenching / TMJ which caused excruciating headaches .
I went from having explosive mood swings , to being more easygoing and stable .
jittery , disconnected feelings , suicidal thoughts , unable to function .
After putting on even a lot more weight because of the combination of the Cymbalta AND Prednisone , I have plans for stomach surgery within the next 2 months .
To me it feels like you are feverish and it lasted maybe 5-6 weeks , Let 's not be too dramatic here .
After the third day at that dose I found myself in the ER with vertigo , dizziness , tachycardia , dry mouth , nausea , and a host of other complaints .
) , 5 ) Weak muscles 6 ) Cant catch breath 7 ) Listless 8 ) Unmotivated 9 ) Difficulty getting moving 10 ) Reaction time slowed , [ as in Put your hand on your solar plexus ( Huh ?
The first 2 weeks I had a headache , I could n't stop grinding my teeth and I was a little restless but it all went away .
it is alot easier for anxious / depressed people , like most of us on this sight are/were to some degree , to report negative feedback .
I 'm about to go to the hospital cause this drug is killing me .
I just kind of felt numb toward all emotion , Also , my memory started lacking and i couldnt remember long periods of time or things i had done .
Moderate to severe dry mouth and dry eyes , occasional constipation or gastric symptoms .
I had a very bad reaction to this , though it does appear to help some , Do n't be afraid to tell your doctor what it is doing to you and do n't just go along with their `` the side effects will go away . ''
if you stop taking this the withdrawal is awful .
I tell them that I still experience other symptoms of depression : fatigue , loss of interest in sex , sometimes a lack of motivation ; however .
I will be going back to the doctor in 2 weeks , I am on 10 mg and I think we will have to go to 20mg , because I still feel anxious ( chest is tight , heavy sighing . ) .
I feel this drug worked well for me , just had a hard time coming off of it .
It certainly works for what I 'm taking it for , but sometimes it can be very hard to handle the side effects I experience with it .
Sexual side-effects , insomnia .
It 's not only controlling my anxiety and depression but it 's controlling anger , and my thought process in general .
To define best per my daughter , it 's like getting off crack coccaine !
Coming out of such a paralyzing depression is worth it !
I was on Wellbutrin prescribed by my PCP but she sent me to a psychiatrist because I was still very depressed .
Sweaty hands & feet Euphoria .
I tried to go to work but could not .
right now , what I 'm dealing with is the inability to climax .
