The drug takes effect quite quickly ( about 15 minutes for me ) so I make sure I get in bed as soon as a take it , and the sleep is wonderful . I have no drowsiness I have been taking this med for a while now and have had my ups and downs . If you follow the recommended usage dose all goes well . I had to stop a while back because I was sleep eating who knows what . I was just sick in the morning and I felt really full . Checked the kitchen and couldn ' t quite figure out what I was eating and I figured that it probably wasn ' t food . I think I was eating soap or something weird I found it to be very effective for me . I took the 600mg once every twelve hours and noticed a significant difference . I will also say that I found it equally important to stay hydrated as it really helped my body to fight the cold and cough while taking this medication . I share that because when I did have caffeine and didn ' t drink as much water , my coughing increased and my throat began to become irritated I did not feel real relief after taking post rotator cuff surgery I ' m a married homemaker and mother to 3 active kids ages 15 , 11 , and 10 . I ' m constantly on - the - go , so I don ' t always have all the time I need for " me ". This medicine made my life so much simpler . As of the 29th of this month I will have been taking Victoza for 1 year . In that time , my A1C went from 10 . 8 to 6 . 6 and I ' ve lost nearly 60 pounds . AMAZING ! I had a little bit of Nausea for the first week or so , but then nothing since . Also , the nausea with Victoza was NOTHING like the nausea I experienced with Betta . The Betta was awful and I ' d tried just about EVERY other type of medicine out there including Insulin without success . I ' m SO glad my Endocrinologist prescribed Victoza ... it has completely changed my life . The once daily injection is a breeze and I ' ve never experienced a " low " as my blood sugar is steady all day long . I LOVE this medication and I would highly recommend it to any Type 2 Diabetic Within a couple of days of starting the medication , I began having headaches and upper respiratory issues . I took the drug for 2 weeks & discontinued as the side effects were becoming debilitating . Within 24 - 36 hours of discontinuing the drug , the side effects went away . I would not recommend this drug due to the side effects . However , it did bring my blood sugar numbers down from the low - 200 ' s to the 140 ' s just wanted to answer all the questions I had before taking this drug . I ' m taking it for social anxiety . I couldn ' t stand being around a lot of people without thinking there looking or Judi g me constantly . I always wanted to run away from social situation . Anyway I started at 10mg for first two weeks the first few days felt like I had a lot of energy and jitteriness . After that I had extreme anxiety sweating insomnia jaw clenching . After two weeks moved to 20 mg again extreme anxiety bad thoughts ect . This lasted right up to week 5 on the drug . Now let me tell you I feel amazing no more anxiety nothing I feel great . I will be sticking to 20 mg until I feel the need to higher the dose . There is one side effect that has stuck with me still , it is much harder to orgasm , I ' m not saying it killed my sex drive because it hasn ' t it just takes awhile to orgasm . I ' ve also lost weight so far as my appetite has decreased . Please read do not go online looking up a ton of reviews it will scare you from taking it . If you need just try and stick it out the first month WHICH IS HORRIBLE but once it kicks in it is great . If you do decide to read reviews make sure it ' s reviews from people that took it atlas 2 months because again the first month is hell for me anyway . Put it this way I can see myself on this for the rest of my life and I ' m not even 30 yet . Hope this helps someone out there by the way I ' m on the generic citalopram Allowed me to reduce the oxycodone I was taking for chronic pain . Cut oxycodone by 75 %. This drug takes time to get full effect ... not for acute pain . My experience , full effect in 3 - 4 weeks . Little help for first week ++. Stick with it and it works with less side effects than oxycodone . Less constipation , sweating , and " euphoria Had therapy and medication for anxiety , panic attacks , and depression . After 5 years , I finally have a healthy , happy life . Learned how to defuse the feeling I had a low total of cholesterol of 161 on Crestor 5 mg but the good ones were only 24 . So it was not a good ratio , about 6 to 1 . I increase the dosage to 10 mg and now my total was 77 Started taking Crestor ( 10mg ) three weeks ago .. within 3 days started experiencing shortness of breath which I had never had before and pain in lower back and shoulders HELLO ALL I JUST WON ' T TO THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR TIME AND WRITING WHAT YOU THINK OF THIS PILL I WAS JUST PUT ON IT BUT NOT HAVE TAKEN ONE YET AM NOT GOING TO THANKS TO ALL OF YOU SEEMS LIKE I REALLY BAD PILL IM JUST STAY WHIT THE ONE ON I KNOW WHAT THIS DOZ TO ME BEN ON FOR LONG TIME BUT YOU DONT WONT TO START MY PILL TO BUT HEY IM USE TO IT LORAZEPAM I have avascular necrosis of the femoral head , in the hip . Severe pain after walking or standing . Scheduled hip replacement 12 / 31 / 07 . Tried vicodin 5 - 500 , vicoprofen 200 / 7 . 5 , this one caused stomach pain & constipation , now vicodin About a six months ago , I started having panic attacks every morning . The first time I had one , I went to the emergency room because I didn ' t know what it was . The follow up visit to my doctor was enlightening for me . He prescribed zoloft for me then . It took a while for the medication to build up in my system , so it took a while for it to become fully effective . But , I ' ve been using it for several months now and it works great . It has also helped with my moodiness and irritability . And I haven ' t had any panic attacks I began taking this medication on 3 / 4 / 09 and to this date I have lost 43 lbs . The Meridia helps control my cravings and I am more motivated to eat healthier . In the beginning I had dry mouth for the first few weeks , but I just drank plenty of water . I modified my diet and began an excercise regiment and I have had great results ! I ' m rarely hungry , but I eat healthy snacks throughout the day to keep my metabolism boosted . I found you have to excercise for the best results , so I try to incorporate rigorous excercise 4 to 5 days a week . The cardio workouts really help shed the pounds and water aerobics is a good low impact activity that doesn ' t put stress on your joints . I always figured no one hated excercise and vegetables more than I did , but here I am thanks to Meridia On advise from my Doctor , I purchased Mucinex DM Extra Strength for a post nasal drip causing a dry , tickling cough . 1200 mg every 12hours . By the 3rd . pill I had a headache , nausea , stomach pain , felt light - headed I have had excessive hair loss everytime I take a shower and wondered why and I read on here that this drug has a main side effect of " excessive hair loss or gain " and I am sure it has to due with this medication . None of my other meds have this side effect and I am not under any excessive stress , I just take this to help me sleep at night , I will be switching back to Xanax I take this med for breakthrough pain for digestive disc in my back . I use it in combination with oxytone 5mg and ms contin I HAVE TAKEN ZOCOR SINCE 2009 . I HAD A STENT PLACEMENT SO THIS WAS ONE OF MY NEW MEDS . I TAKE 80MG . I STARTED HEARING ABOUT PROBLEMS WITH THIS DRUG . I AM NOW HAVING HAND STIFFNESS I stopped my 200mg zoloft and went to 30mg Cymbalta . I can finally get out of bed , clean house , and spend quality time with kids . I have been on it for a week now and I love everything about it except the crying like something tragic has happened in my life , craving sweets , ( even dreaming there was a candy bar on night stand ) and woke up to be very disappointed ! ( no candy bar ) My anxiety is still very high and my Ativan 2mg twice a day , don ' t help at all ! Does anybody else have these crying phases for no reason , and cravings . I am not so worried about the cravings , it is more the crying , and anxiety . What should I tell my doctor , I don ' t want to be taking off this drug because it is so helpful but the anxiety I have never been able to fall asleep or stay asleep at night . I take the generic 10 mg now and have been for 6 years . Started with brand name Ambien , generic see no difference . I take it just before bed , and am asleep within 15 minutes and only wake up once or twice . I used to have really bad night terrors , never have them now . Tried Ambien CR , made my head feel like it had a metal wire running back and forth - sounds crazy - doc said she ' s heard that a few times . I love my sleep aid , no weird side effects except that if I take it and am not in bed , after about 20 minutes I feel almost drunk , unsteady on my feet , and words start to slur just a bit . Glad they let me stay on it , feel refreshed upon waking and keeps me feeling good . Everyone reacts differently to this kind of drug , so just monitor your reaction to it . I sleep very sound Been taking this for 6 years , still in pain like I was 340 lbs I had problem with excessive mucus , allergies and plugged ear with tintings noise in one ear . Nurse / practitioner in hearing clinic recommended Mucinex 600mg 2 times daily with full glass of water for a week , then as needed . Worked really well and now I take it when ear feels plugged or " noises " become bothersome I have RSD or CRPS same thing , and major depressive disorder so I use the drug for both pain , and depression . I wouldn ' t say it ' s great for pain but has had an excellent effect on my depression . The side effects are nasty though , sleepless nights , dry mouth , and all kinds of stomach issues for the first few weeks . If you can hang on this drug is great . I still don ' t sleep well but everything else has gone away . The only issues is if you forget to take it , you feel like crap . You will be very sick to your stomach , and your mood plummets After being on high doses of percocet for two years , your body can ' t help but become physically addicted . So I was sick of feeling like a junkie on top of my severe pain issues . Methadone has given me my life back . There has been no side effects like on opiates and I take about 15 mg a day vs . 60 - 80mg a day of percocet . This is amazing I even tried suboxone , but it didn ' t control my pain and didn ' t stop the physical craving for the drugs every few hours or so despite the need for it due to pain . This is the way to go if you want to manage your pain and not become dependent on opiates I still cannot believe how wonderful I feel ! Unfortunately a few months ago I was given Celebret and not Vicodin for my continued pain . The celebret reversed all the good effects . I am currently staring all over again . I am off my anti - depres meds and feeling better I started using Meridia on 4 / 28 and after one week I have dropped six pounds , I do not feel hungry , I have increase my walking routine and so far the craving have ceased I have been on it for 5 years . The first year it didnt seem to have any side effects then it caused loss of balance and then edema and now heart problems I feel like it is going to kill me ! But I am having a hard time getting off . It really helped dramatically at first then it started causing problems now I get bad tremors great medication iam free of panic attacks and anxiety , still have mild bouts of depression but overall its a great medicine . i too have taken busbar hydroxide hlc My pain management doctor gave me an RX for this because my regular muscle relaxer stopped working after being on it for years . I was quite impressed with how much this helped to relax my muscles , however I found that I need to take this at night no later than 7 to 8 hours before I need to be up the following morning . It is really helping better than the muscle relaxer . I am a person who has been on pain meds for over 15 years due to a car accident where I was rear ended and have so many things wrong with my back that it is hard to find ways of dealing with the multiple types of pain This medication did a good job of dropping my cholesterol levels . I quit because of the extreme muscle pains it caused in my lower back and some leg muscles I had hand surgery and was prescribed 75 mg ( 1 - 2 ) pills as needed ever 3 - 4 hours . When the surgery medication wore off I took one tablet in the middle of the night . After 30 minutes there was no relief so I took a second pill . I slept through the night awakening around 5 am because of pain - I took two more tablets and for the next 5 hours suffered severe vertigo , couldn ' t stand or focus , felt confused I am satisfied with this drug , however I have experienced muscle weakness Taking for very painful RA . Significant pain reduction / elimination . Side effects - increased blood pressure , weight gain ( 12 lbs in 2 mos . ), irritability . Still , worth it to eliminate disabling pain Been taking 2 weeks , pain in back and chest thought I was having a heart attack . My legs have a tingle , restless feeling , over all energy level is very low I have severe diabetic neuropathy throughout my entire body . It was incapacitating at times . The gabapentin has worked a miracle for me . It eases my pain so I can function . Yes it makes me tired . The benefits however out weigh the side effects . This drug enables me to sleep through the night While Mucinex DM made the excess mucus from my cold go away , it also gave me severe diarrhea and cramps and dizziness and vomiting on the second or third day I took it . Must be a sensitivity that I and some others have to the ingredients , because I ' ve never felt this sick before after taking medicine . ( At first , I thought I had food poisoning I have been on this for about 10 years . Now I am addicted to it . I can take 30mg a day and just get sleepy I have been diagnosed with neuropathic issues . I take # 3 ; 75 mg . twice daily . It does help . I went back to Vicodin t see which was more helpful . I find I would need # 3 doses daily to IN order to retain the pain relief My new Dr . wants to move me away from 15mg generic Lexapro and . 5mg Ativan as needed for panic attacks and IBS ( A HORRIBLE COMBO ) to 15mg Mirtazepine ( Demerol ) and Clonazepam . In transition period , going down on lexapro and up on demerol . My colon just got the memo yesterday and has filed a big complaint ! I ' ve had these two problem for about 2 years now and one thing the doctors don ' t tell you is these drugs ARE NOT cures but are the lesser of two evils ... especially the benzol I have had no side effects , unlike so many others in these postings . I take three 600 mil . tablets per day with no problems whatever . ( This lack of side effects is surprising for me , because most cough remedies give me the jitters , etc .) I smoked for 38 years and I damaged my lungs , so now I have too much mucous in my lungs because I can ' t cough up enough to keep my lungs clear without help . When I started taking it , I expected to cough up a bunch of stuff , but for me the effect was different - the Mucinex apparently dilutes or thins out the mucous so that it is absorbed somehow . It has worked very well , and I hope to be able to continue it long - term without developing any sensitivity I was given this med for conjunctivitis ( pink eye ) after the topical ointment didn ' t work . The meds cleared up the problem within the 5 days prescribed to me ( 300 mg - 3 times a day ) but it gave me horrible diarrhea which I STILL have now , 7 days after ending the treatment . I had to go to the emergency room because they thought I had C - diff ( very nasty - look it up ) which can be fatal . I didn ' t thank heavens , but I will never , NEVER NEVER take this drug again for any reason !! I am having to eat 4 - 5 containers of active cultured yogurt ( Active ) and , on dr ' s orders , taking imodium . Nothing is helping yet . Hoping it wears off really soon . Avoid this drug like the plague About three weeks ago my cholesterol was 236 . I have been using Crestor for about 2 weeks now along with a few other meds for HBP and sugar levels . I just had a health screen yesterday and my number is now 135 . Of course , I have totally changed my diet . Smaller portions , and totally cut out fatty foods . I do occasional workouts but overall not as active as I would like to be . But its helping me and so far in 2 weeks I have lost 15 lbs After suffering from anxiety for a prolonged period of time , I had a breakdown of sorts of which I believe was a severe panic attack . My doctor prescribed zoloft and it has helped me so much . I ' ve also had issues with OCD and zoloft Have taken 6 Clindamycin pills for possible infection after tooth extraction . Stopped due to heartburn and difficulty in swallowing 600 to 1200 mg prescribed daily for insomnia . I also have sleep apnea and use a PAP machine . It did help me sleep . Just changed docs and new doc was amazed I was taking Gabapentin as it suppresses breathing and for sure you don ' t want to suppress breathing in a sleep apnea I am on 10mg and have reduced my anxiety a great deal . The only side effect that bothers me is the cold sores A big improvement over Betta in ease of use . Started at 0 . 6 for first week and then directly to 1 . 2 dosage without any problems . Weight loss LDL was 121 , HDL was 38 . Triglycerides 126 , total Chol was 181 . Took 10mg Crestor and within a month , I could feel my liver . Not pain really but discomfort all the time . I felt like my liver was swollen . I theorized , when I went for Blood test and my LDL was 63 within a month that all the LDL going through my liver sort of assaulted the liver . Dr . said people dont get pain in their Liver like I am an idiot . BUT it definitely gave me notice . With my numbers so very good after a month only I asked Dr . if I could get off , reduce to 5mg or take every other day . He said no . He was educated at Einstein , has 38 years experience , is seeing me through a regimen of quite a few BP lowering drugs I am taking at the same time and have been for the past 6 months since I needed surgery and had to have my BP lowered very fast in order to have the unrelated to the heart surgery I needed and did have . During surgery I had an afib occurence which is all fine now . BUT I took myself off Crestor and my knees are now fine . My knees and liver were not happy from the Crestor . I love to walk and both my knees gave me notice when walked and in daily life like getting up and down from a chair . I took myself off after the one month since my LDL went down to 63 This medication is more helpful than xanax that I was on for the last 5 years . It last longer . I can ' t take it when I am alone with my kids because I get so sleepy Went through menopause recently and my cholesterol shot up . This brought my numbers down very well , but I suffer with leg pain ( left leg more than right ) from which I can find no relief , even taking CO Q 10 . Don ' t know whether memory loss Had a nagging cough for a few days and decided to try this . Seemed to take a little while , but the coughing became less frequent and more productive when I did cough . However , I experienced a pretty nasty headache the entire time I took it . Didn ' t have any head cold issues , so don ' t think it was sinus related . Maybe an undisclosed side effect ? Doubt I ' ll use this again as I ' d rather deal with the nagging cough than the painful headache this drug worked great for me but i did experience some erectile disfunction The medication definedly helped my cholesterol numbers ; however , the side effects were more than I could deal with . Muscle pain , muscle hardening , joint pain , loss of movement , loss of short term memory , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , depression ... I guess I could go on and on . The good news is that I have been off a week and beginning to feel better ; however , I hope all the issues I have experienced will totally reverse . I was on Crestor for many years before I realized this was my problem . I ' ve also been taking coq10 and it has helped . Not sure what I will do about my cholesterol issues but I do know I will not ever take another Crestor It is very calming to me who has general anxiety that manifests itself as anger I have had issues with my knee & this year have gone through 2 total knee replacements . with all the different types of medications for the knees wither for pain or infections due to being a diabetic I have had allot of sleepless nights . I have been given Ambien through my pain management doctor starting at 5mg last month . I would take my night medication @ midnight & around 2 - 3am I would be looking at the clock trying to go back to sleep . I have recently been upped to 10mg & I know it is just my body getting adjusted , but I feel like I could sleep When I first started taking Lexapro , it was amazing . It has been a year now and it seems to have changed in it ' s effectiveness . I get really bad night sweats and seem to go through different levels of depression I have been on this medication for a little over ten years now . I am prescribed three mps . a day . If I don ' t take them I will have extreme anxiety and even panic attacks . I found to take as prescribed instead of as needed , it is better to prevent a panic attack rather than have to wait for the medication to work in the middle of an attack ! The only reason I gave three stars on effectiveness is due to most of the new generics , they don ' t seem to be as effective as the older ones such as the Texas . In my opinion brand name works the best followed by the Texas I ' ve had a nighttime cough for one week . Last night , I took mucinex . Whoa ! In the middle of the night I became nauseated and had diarrhea . This morning , I feel shaker . It did stop the cough , but I won ' t take it again . I honestly would rather cough all night I was on so many different pills , for Bipolar . Was hospitalized many times finally they gave me clonazepam , i now take 2 mg at night and it has helped me for a many !!!! years !!!! And i thank u for making something to help my disorder I took the tablet with a full glass of water and then drank about a glass of water an hour for the next six hour . Rather than loosening up the gook in my chest , it dried me out to the point I could hear my lungs wheeze and whistle . I thought I was having an asthma episode . I tried it again two days later and had the same ill effects Treated for root canal infection 150mg capsules taken 4 times a day . horrible colitis and my stomach gurgles I was recommended this drug by an ENT after having a serious allergic reaction to just about everything in the environment ! I took the full dosage , 2 pills . When the immediate release action kicked in , I started to feel very dry in the throat and mouth . Later on when the extended release kicked in , I was awakened in the middle of the night by something external and was completely unable to fall back asleep - very uncommon for me . The morning after I felt nauseated , dizzy , light headed , still dry , and basically " high " - a feeling I don ' t like . I wouldn ' t recommend this product , but if those symptoms don ' t bother you , take it . My cough has been reduced I was prescribed this drug for chronic headaches in the middle of me forehead and have had a hard time sleeping due to the pain . I have been a little tried with this medication but the headaches have subsided . Anyone else taking this for headaches I was on Lexapro for nearly 2 years and gained 20 pounds . I have always been a thin person so this was upsetting . I weaned myself off Lexapro and then experienced a family crisis which required me to be back on medication in order to function in my highest degree . My doctor introduced me to Pristiq , which has been great , other than the sweating . No matter the temperature , I have gross underarm sweat . But , considering I was immobilized by anxiety and depression , I would take the embarrassing sweats . Lexapro was great while it lasted . My Dr . told me that if you have any liver disorders ( which I don ' t , but I do enjoy my glass of wine ) Pristiq was a better choice . I do have a prescription card my dr . gave me that allows 50 % off my meds . That brings my 30 day supply down to $ 17 . I would certainly love to be medication free , but Pristiq allows me to live without debilitating anxiety and depression Extreme cramping inn legs and feet and sometimes lower arms at night . Very painful . No longer taking it . Tried lower dose and the pain came back I have been on Lipitor for 9 years . Everything working well for all of those years . One blood test later and my doctor said that she felt Crestor would be more effective . READ UP ON THIS DRUG ! It is not safe ! I am only 37 years old and I feel like I am in my 70 ' s every morning when I get out of bed . My shoulders kill me , my lower back kills me and even though I work out regularly ... I feel like I just started from scratch . I have no energy , my neck hurts and I constantly ache like I have the flu . I thought at first it was from working out or dehydration , but when you drink a gallon of water and your urine is still bright yellow ... something is wrong ! THE RESULTS DO NOT OUTWEIGH THE SIDE EFFECTS . Trust me on this one or learn on your own as I did . If your doctor prescribes Crestor I have been on crestor 5mg for about 3 yrs . I first noticed hip pain after excercise and middle of the night leg cramps . I stopped taking it around 3 months ago because of extreme hip pain . I can hardly get off the stool . I must stop and rest when on a short walk . The extreme hip pain has subsided somewhat but not enough to be able to enjoy a walk or even due my housework . I wish I would have paid more attention to what my body was screaming . I pray that this pain will go away but I am very concerned . I know my doctor will want to tests . But I know crestor I found this drug to be very effective . I purchased the one used to treat irritated bronchial tubes to relieve cough and to thin mucus . This worked great for me in a very short time and I feel certain kept my illness from turning into something more serious . I have not used the one which is for chest congestion I have Gerd and I cannot take too much of this . What I found effective is to take 2 . 5 mg under the tongue which works in about 30 min . But I wake up half way through the night to go to the bathroom . So I take another 2 . 5 mg under the tongue and all is great . However , I alternate nights with 10 mg of Melatonin because the Zolpidem exacerbates the gerd and also makes me very tired throughout the day . So only doing a total of 5 mg three times a week then alternating with 10mg of melatonin 3x per week is much easier on my system . Not sure if taking this under the tongue is bad for the gerd husband has been taking zocor with amlodipine together for quite a few years . doc retired and new doc took him off immediatly and put him on pravastatin and ACTH . he had no problems whatsoever with the zocor and now after only 7 days with new meds ... severe pain in ankles , hip legs and feet . he said it wss so bad that it felt like his ankles were broken !!! called doc and told him we were going back to zocor and amlodipine ... as info said any of these side affects contact doc asap ! he is not due to see doc again until Sept . so for now we are going back to zocor . also had severe coughing and itching from the new meds . any comments truly welcomed . my husband is 63 years old and still working . all the years of zocor and amlodipine he went every 3 months for blood work and to see how he was doing . nothing ever showed up as to his liver being damaged Helps to keep cholesterol in check but multiple side effects . Some are low in severity handsome are highly severe , such as , muscle and joint pain I have major sleep problems . When I get up to use the bathroom at night , I could not go back to sleep as my mind raced - thinking about negative things over and over . Since I started taking 2 mg before returning to bed , I am am able to go back to sleep When taking this medicine , I saw improvement of my anxiety , it made me feel High , as if I werent there in real life , like I was in a dream . I would rather feel that , then go through anxiety attacks , but the worse side effect was when I caught my self SLEEP WALKING a couple times , so I immediately stopped taking the pill ! Especially after seeing a 16 yr old boy go to prison for sleep walking My Doctor gave this to me for a lump of some sort in my neck , and for the white stuff all over my throat . Nothing else has worked . been on this for 4 days , now I have diarrhea , and since day one I have been sick and very tired . 300 mg 4x day . I feel like throwing up all the time . this is truly a very horrid drug . I am going to stop taking it today . Calling my doctor . My stools are dark brownish blackish . My stomach is rolling , and I do have tummy pain , plus my back aches I had a cough , I could feel it in my chest . Mucinex DM helped suppress the cough so I could sleep and my throat stopped hurting from coughing I have been taking simvastatin for about 9 years . I have no side effects . I take it in the morning as I forget to take it at night . I do honestly think it is due to being 64 years of age . I play tennis 3 - 4 X a week and golf once . My cholesterol is under control . By the way , I have no hair loss Crestor or any of the statin meds cause me to have severe cramping and pain in my muscles . They now have me just taking 1 / 2 of a 5 MG crestor . It has been 3 weeks and I have started cramping . I have tried so many cholesterol meds and even tho they work , I can not take for very long . I was on 5MG Crestor and it was working but the cramping became too bad . My cholesterol has shot up to 300 and the bad cholesterol is real bad . I just don ' t know what to do . Some one mentioned a supplement called CO Q10 I had been experiencing panic attack and anxieties for almost 10 years and during that period of time I was admitted to the hospital for 5 times until a doctor whom has had the same problem came with the diagnosis ! She referred to a psychiatrist and saved me from disaster . I was diagnosed as having severe depression with panic attack . I am now in 10th . years of treatment with Lvot . During the first few month of the treatment the psychiatrist also prescribed oral clonazepam for me to take whenever the panic attack comes . Clonazepam works very well in me suppressing the symptoms almost immediately . The doctor advised me to take the drug only when necessary so as avoid becoming dependant . I followed his advice carefully and I am very very thankful that I have been saved from the misery of panic attack Taking Simvastatin for 20 years and have had feet neuropathy for same . Is there a connection ? Neuropathy has gotten worse over the years . Cannot find cause . Have seen many doctors , no help . I take Lyrica for the neuropathy but numbness and pain are sever Prescribed for wisdom teeth extraction - infection preventive . No problem taking it . Began the day before . I ' m one week after surgery and all is well . No nausea , diarrhea , stomach issues . Pain and swelling subsiding Dr recommended this for coughing . Upon taking it I coughed up tons of phlegm . I would literally run to the closest stool sink , trash can whatever . I never knew when it was coming but when it did just gallons would pour out of me . Then I would sleep or just rest . I coughed so loud I began taking meridia on Jan . 1st . I weighed 226 . I have lost 14 . 5 lbs to date . My doctor said I made his day went I went for 1st follow up visit on Jan . 30th . I have modified my diet , drink lots of water and try exercise daily . I also keep a food diary . I did have some constipation during the 1st couple of weeks but that has subsided . The cost is pricey but worth it if it can help jump start your efforts . The meridia does curb my craving for the most part , however I did notice prior to my cycle this past month an increase in the cravings again . I guess even a drug can ' t stop mother nature ( low ). I will continue to use meridia and keep you posted on my progress as I want lose an additional 60 to 65 lbs Well its day two and so far I have only had the dry mouth issue . Yesterday I ate half of a salad at breakfast and nothing again until dinner time . I wasn ' t hungry at all . I hope this works for me and everyone else who is trying Meridia I have been on zocor for at least 3 - 4years . My Cholesterol has lowered to under 165 . I am tired a lot and have problems staying asleep , but worth taking zocor While this drug seems to be helping my respiratory infection , I am experiencing frequent urination and cannot find information as to whether or not it is a side effect as I am taking the expectorant i had a very severe panic attack that i was in te hospital for 4 days they started me right away on xanax I am a TBI patient since 2002 . I was shot in the head causing 6 hour blackout and thrown over a 70 ' clift where I broke ( shattered my C - 1 vertebrae ) and then was in a halo for 8 months and suffered amnesia and serious brain damage ) This happened in July 2002 . I am now at the point where I can no longer live with the pain . I am going to ask my doctor to put me back on hydrocele Lower back , leg , knee and ankle pain . Could not climb stairs . I have been off Crestor for one month and still have pain , mostly at night . I have sever popping and grinding in knees and ankles that I have never had before taking Crestor Xanax is indeed a miracle pill for me . I have been taking it for over 15 years and if I don ' t take it I do not want to leave the house , I don ' t sleep , I do not want to do anything . This is a great medication to take for anxiety and to sleep good at night . I cannot take Ambien it gives me nightmares and Temazepam is too drowsy to take during the day . I don ' t like Valium but XANAX is the best medicine there is . It makes you feel alive and you want to do so much . I have so much energy and feel great when I take my xanax . Yes , I do agree with another review that the pharmacist does look and treat you like you are some kind of heroin addict looking for a fix when you try to pick them up a little earlier because it ' s considered a controlled substance . I think the FDA should relax and approve this medication for people and not be so strict about it . I ' ll tell you I have tried to not take it and it makes me feel terrible and I do not want to function on a day to day basis and hate the way I feel . This is a MIRACLE pill !!!! I cannot believe how many people do take it . Forget these anti - depressants like Zoloft and all the others for depression and anxiety . I tried them they work for a little bit but do not have the effect of a Xanax !!!! Doctors please do not refrain by not giving your patients this medication . It is the best . The FDA needs to get a grip and maybe get in Xanax Speaking only for myself all I have to say is Sertraline ( generic Zoloft ) SAVED MY LIFE !!! Once I got through the initial side effects and the dosage was in the appropriate therapeutic range my depression vanished . I don ' t feel like a spaced - out zombie ! I feel like myself - the way I always thought I should feel before severe clinical depression got in the way . No problem dealing with the weight gain - I am alive and functioning and that is way more important than worrying about my size . Now I exercise regularly and have made new friends ! I encourage those suffering from depression to speak with an appropriate health care provider to investigate the possibility of taking anti - depressants I have been taking Crestor since January and have noticed a loss of leg strength and tingling in the legs . I also suffer from fatigue , especially first thing in the morning . Drs response was that side effects are rare and that Crestor While taking Prempro , I feel the way I did before menopause . No hot flashes , night sweats , I feel very good , or should I say I feel NORMAL Took almost a month to kick in and feel back to " normal ", but now I would like to be able to get off This drug has worked very well for me . The one negative side effect has been an almost complete loss of sexual response . Taking Wellbutrin with it has helped to revive the libido THIS IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL DRUG COMMERCIAL , * WOULD YOU USE ANY PRODUCT WHERE THE MAN ON THE COMMERCIAL IS COVERED WITH WARTS ALL OVER HIS FACE ?????? NOT . COME ON NOW , THIS MAN DOES NOT LOOK HEALTHY Been on it over 3 months , increased my anxiety at times , need for Xanax because of panic attacks , choking sensation , rapid and obsessive thoughts , overall not as happy as when first started on it , would like to be taken off of it as it increases my anxiety It works great on stopping your drainage or cough , but some of you all might think this is weird but i could not have " sexual intercourse " or climax while on this medication . I also felt like i was flying higher than a kite and i had cloudy vision , a nurse at my work noticed my eyes were twice as big I have suffered with depression and anxiety since I was 13 and I am now 49 . Been in therapy through the years and tried many different medications . I have been taking 20mg Celexa for about 5 months now and I feel better than I can ever remember feeling . I did have constant yawning for the first month , and still do periodically . I take it at night and sleep better than I have in years . Yay for that ! I have noticed that I don ' t feel deeply on this medication ( like watching a sad movie where I would normally cry , I don ' t ). It definitely takes the edge off and keeps my mood at a manageable level I use this medication for chronic nerve pain in my legs I ' m so satisfied with the drug itself , except for the weight gain . I have gained 21 pounds in one year ! Thats ridiculous . The doctors kept telling me it wasnt the medicine which made me feel horrible , after reading other comments and knowing my amount of discipline when it comes to food , I know the medicine had a lot to do with all this weight gain . They have now put me on Wellbutrin , but I am irritable and beyond dizzy , so I dont know what to do , be fat or dizzy I took the first pill 12 . 5 mg around 4 in the afternoon and by supper time my elbow pain was gone . I have been on it almost a week and have seen amazing difference in my pain and energy . The only side effects I ' ve had is mild headache , head itching and broken sleep . Hoping these will subside as time goes by . But if they don ' t well worth standing on Savella . Thank God for this medicine ! I feel more like myself I read some reviews before taking and saw that could effect my kidneys , which I ' ve had problems with left kidney all my life . Dr . said not to worry about that right now , my cholesterol was so high , 341 , that I was a walking heart attack . Took Crestor for over 6 weeks . My numbers came down , but started having severe pain in my back in my kidney area , along with severe muscle pain in my back so bad could hardly walk . Went back to Dr . and now have a significant amount of blood in my urine . Stopped taking med for over 2 weeks now , muscle pain gone , but kidney pain remains . Now I understand why I ' ve been so tired lately , didn ' t realize others had same side effect . My energy level is coming back . I ' m going to try to lower my cholesterol through diet and exercise - scared of long term effects from these drugs . Will definitely never take Crestor I started having severe panic attacks in my early 20s . wound up in the hospital twice thinking I was having a heart attack only to be told it was a panic attack and I just had to go home and deal with it . :( this was back when they didn ' t recognize panic disorders as an actual medical issue . i was housebound for 5 years due to having severe panic attacks even just walking to the mailbox . i tried all sorts of different over the counter and prescription meds as well as counseling to deal with this condition . thank goodness i finally found a doctor that recognized it for what it was and prescribed this wonderful medication . i take . 5 mg 2 times daily with an as needed dose in between . i have been on this medication for 10 years and it works wonderful . i have a life outside of my home again and have been able to go back to work again and love my life again . with all the medications out there now to help , there is no reason for anyone to have to go through stuff like this . i would recommend this drug to anyone with severe panic disorder I have been on cymbalta for a year and a couple months now , at first i felt " like a zombie " i wasnt able to drive or even stay awake for that matter . but since my body has adjusted to the med i have had nothing but good results , no anxiety attacks at all , which is more than i could say when i was on lexapro . I should start weaning off it shortly , i am nervous On the third day of taking this medication , I started feeling dizzy and was losing my balance when moving around . No nausea or diarrhea but my taste buds aren ' t working . It did help with the congestion in my chest and stopped the cough Hi all , i ' m suffering from chronic pain due to a back injury in 06 . I take Oxy 40mg / 2 a day , lyrica 75mg / 2 a day , effexor - XR 75mg and zolpidem ( AKA Stilton in Australia ). Due to the drugs I take , I require Zolpidem to sleep . This medication is very effective in getting me to sleep , but long term use it becomes less effective as other reviews have also commented . A suggestion would be to use for 14 days , then change to another sleeping tablet such as temazepam or similar for 5 days , then go back to Zolpidem . I find by doing this , it works great . A side effect that I have noticed using long term 2 > yrs is that I find during the day at work around 1200 - 1300 I am very tired . I have also noticed some mild short term memory loss and no recall of events 1 - 2hrs the night before . All in all , I love this drug . Very effective for short term sleep problems but unfortunately in Australia there has been wide negative media coverage due to idiots abusing drug , and as a result Dr ' s hesitation in prescribing . I am sure this is the case all over the world due to Heath Ledger etc ... Take care all . Sleep tight Worked very well , but after a week I averaged about an hour of sleep a night . My doctor pulled me off of it because of this . If you are able to sleep at night This medication was prescribed to treat my parasomnia . I sleep walk nightly and often wake up feeling anxious and exhausted . Not to mention the embarrassing stories that my husband loves to recount . I have only been on it a month but so far it has completely controlled my sleep walking and anxiety with no side effects . I awake feeling well rested I started taking Mucinex DM when the congestion went from my head to my chest causing bronchitis . So far , it has been the only medication that has helped with bronchitis It is much harder to cough up mucus from the lungs when you have emphysema , and this makes it a lot easier for me , as it takes less effort to clear lungs For the last 30 years I have tried about every anti - depression medication my psychologists , psychiatrists and doctors could prescribe and nothing really worked effectively . After starting on Zoloft for around 2 weeks at 50ml / day and working up to 150ml / day over a 2 month period , I can only say I ' ve experienced the results I have prayed for over the last 10 years . I thought I would never find my way out of the darkness of my life until Zoloft Like the others on this site I have the muscle aches with Crestor . I have tried other pills and get the muscle aches with them also . Maybe it is a side effect of artificially lowered cholesterol Ill for seven days with a bad sinus infection and other flu like symptoms Was diagnosed with depression almost 10 years ago . After trying several medications celesta finally lifted me out of the depths of depression with fewer side effects . felt so much better after being on this med for a while I decided to wean myself off it .. bad move as I experienced such a bad relapse of severe depression , I thought I would never feel better again . I went back on this med and finally 6 mos later I am feeling better again . Be careful about going off your meds without doc supervision , it was a lot harder for me to feel better after relapse . One thing for sure celesta Although this drug has side effects . The benefits out weighed the risk of side effects . The first day on the medication I had night sweats and couldn ' t sleep . By the second day I was able to sleep . I had sciatic pain I have fibromyalgia , amongst other illnesses . I have had difficulty sleeping for decades . Approximately 10 years ago my physician prescribed me Ambien at 5 mg . I began taking it and was able to get 6 hours of solid sleep . As time went by , we had to increase the dosage to 10 mg . I found that when I took the drug nightly , many mornings I awoke in a fog and disoriented , very fatigued . It was decided that I take the drug only as needed when I was unable to fall asleep on my own . This has worked out much better for me now . I don ' t recommend Ambien CR as it was way too potent for me and left me in a constant fog . I felt like a walking zombie on CR This drug was Horrible . With the first hour of taking it i was severely drugged feeling . Couldnt function at all for many hours , had insomnia . The next morning i was dizzy , sweating , and very nauseous for 2 - 3 days while i got out of my system . I felt solo bad . I would not recommend this drug to anyone . The side effects were worse than the pain I was prescribed this drug because of an infected tooth and swelling . Within 2 days , the swelling and the pain were gone . However , since I ' ve started taking , I ' ve experienced bad heartburn , acid reflux ( which I ' ve never had before !) especially each time I take the pill which is 4 x a day ! Most importantly though , I ' ve seen a drastic increase in anxiety and depression Thankfully I ' ve never had any of the symptoms I ' m seeing on here ! I have a persistent cough that has been diagnosed as CVA , but this and my Allegra work way better than inhalers . No side effects , sleep like a baby , I ' m regular and never nauseous I have been using this for over 2 years . I failed to notice the impact it had on my mental acuity since the effect was gradual . After speaking with others who had similar problems , I began to suspect crestor . I stopped taking it 2 days ago . My memory is back . After struggling to remember simple things and living in a mental fog for so long , I ' m happy to report that my mind is back after cessation of crestor use . My mind is sharp again . I feel confident again . My mild depression is gone Have been using this product for 5 years . It works as advertised for me . Take 5mg , go to sleep in 30 minutes or less , sleep for 6 or 7 hours with no dreams , hangovers , memory problems or other adverse effects . I may be hooked but I sleep well and feel great every day ! Without this item I awake with disturbing dreams and cannot return to sleep I switched to this medication after taking Embeds . It was significantly cheaper ( from $ 200 / month to $ 20 / month ). So far , it is working well to manage my back pain from a bulging disc . The side effects have been very minor in my case . My pain is not completely gone , but it is masked and reduced a great deal . It has far exceeded the Embeds , and has not made my brain as " foggy " as other pain meds . Also , it has been a lot easier on my stomach than other pain meds My doctor initially prescribed 10 mg of Crestor . Shortly after I became aware of severe leg and back pain , but did not associate it with Crestor as I also have degenerative disc disease . On Oct . 1 I saw my doctor and told him of pains , and recent edema in my ankles . He did not consider this significant . After another blood test showed my cholesterol went down from over 300 to 247 , he still felt that was too high and increased my dose to 20 mg . Since then the muscle pain has been mostly in my neck and shoulders . I have been so fatigued and tired all the time . I can sit in my chair thinking of a short nap and wind up sleeping for over 12 hours . I have trouble breathing when I first try to relax . This has been very frightening for me , as I also get tired driving and have to limit my outings . The latest symptom I ' ve noticed is blurry vision , which also scared me . I am so glad I decided to check out these side effects here and can relate to others . I am going off the Crestor I WAS HAVING SEVERE PAIN IN MUSCLES AND DR .' S COULD NOT FIND CAUSE . DEPRESSION AND PAIN BECAME SO BAD THAT THAT WAS READY FOR SCRIDE . AFTER ONE WEEK I WAS ABLE TO LIVE WITH PAIN AND NO THOUGHTS OF SCRIDE . I WAS GIVEN MANY DIFFERENT ANTI - DEPRESSANTS Overall this medication has worked for me but if you take this be prepared to force yourself to eat because I have lost my appetite and if you dont eat properly - you will lose more weight and become unhealthy . I have lost 5 - 6 lbs on top of the 5 lbs that I lost before I took this drug . The other big side effect is lots of yawning . I find myself yawning at the weirdest times ! Also light nausea and drowsiness - but I can handle that with coffee ! Overall this drug has worked for me . I feel much happier and my outlook on life has improved . My sex drive has increased This dm is great . Everyone whose heart speeds up or has stomach pain . Think first off , it is for night time use . do not read the box and take every 12hrs . just take at night like you would nyquil . do not go to work on it . if your chest loosens up and you breath better , you would think the heart would speed up since you get more oxygen to it . and the rest of side effects weed smoke may cure or not . it will make you cough but then relaxed Today is 10 / 10 / 09 . I stopped taking Crestor 10 mg . on 9 / 22 / 09 , after starting it in Jan . ' 09 for high cholesterol . Yesterday , was the first time this year that I didn ' t have to wear a knee brace on my swollen and aching right knee , and my leg aches & body aches are diminishing !!! Hopefully , I will be able to start my daily walks again , as I haven ' t been able to walk since April !!!! I started taking a natural cholesterol supplement from Swanson Vitamins Been on this med for 4 years and it has really worked great . The only side effect I experience is sexual disfunction This med has honestly saved my life . Ive dealt with depression and anxiety since I was very young . That all changed after changing to this medication . I ' m happy , motivated , social , and I actually sleep at night . Its also really curbed my appetite , so Im losing weight too . I know this is only a pill to help a mental disorder I have been takeing this drug for 4 months now and it is finally working for me now ! it did take awhile to start working ! but stick through the gayness and some dihedra but it does go away be patient ! I have had a problem with anxiety and depression First three nites taken , I slept like a baby and no pain . Was dunfish for a couple days but that stopped . The 4th and 5th day day , pain came back so i upped it to one at 4 : 00 and other at bedtime and that helped . I am all of a sudden having painful knots come up on my face , under my arms and on my back My joints are aching and I have major depression . My doctor took me off Cymbalta After years of chronic knee pain and surgery , I was referred by otho - surgeon to pain clinic . Was lucky to be assigned to senior Doc a Hospital connected clinic . Received injections in knee pain and the artificial lubricant stuff . Was also prescribed Hydrocodone ( 1 ) 10 / 5 4 times per day , although I usually take 2 and 1 more 8 hours later . The Doc explained the importance of taking the full dosage to prevent rather than react to the pain . My quality of life , mobility has been the best in years , yet after 6 months I do feel and worry about dependence ! Pain DOC initially assured me ( as did a my unaffiliated Pyschritrist ) that Physical and Rehabilitative Medicine MD ' s understand use of opiate pain I take 0 . 25 mg . at night to help me sleep . The only problem I have is a bad taste in my mouth and some tingling in my tongue My 5 year old son has been diagnosed with ADHD and Sensory Integration Dysfunction . He was placed on Adderall XR 10mg and within one month , he had lost 3 lbs because he had no appetite ( he is skinny anyway since he can ' t eat many foods ), was screaming and crying every time you even said no to him , wasn ' t sleeping well , was constipated , etc . He was miserable . He switched to Strattera 10mg in Jan . and it has been wonderful . He suffers from no side effects and has greatly improved at school . He was tested in Nov . 2007 by school psychologists and again in April 08 . It was like he was a different child in the two tests . This week , we did increase his dosage to 18 mg and he has been a little spacy for the past couple of days , but I think once it gets in his system , he will be fine . I would recommend trying this drug to anyone having problems with some of the other drugs . It has really helped my son calm down and focus . I have been told by several professionals in the past that they had " never seen anything like him ". Now , you wouldn ' t notice him in a crowd of other 5 year old boys , which is the goal ( I think ) of all parents with children suffering from ADHD I am a 29yr old that has had chronic pain for 11yrs . i am epileptic so some is due to all the falls and beatings i took from the violent seizures , the rest from fibromyalgia . a severe case at that ! that ' s wat i got the rx for . worked like a charm for the pain . only been on it for a 11 / 2 wks . being a single mom of 3 , falling asleep at the drop of a hat ( even standing up ) was scaring me ! i don ' t know why it was doing it . i stopped taking it 3days ago . the 1st day w / out it , i was fine . not tired . now i feel the pain tho . hurts . the med even helped my back pain . i have 2 slipped disk , spinal arthritis , scoliosis , ect . so , the muscles , nerves in all was feeling better . my legs & hips hurt the most nerve wise . i had no pain after 11yrs of pain & i tell ya , that sure was the most wonderful feeling so i really hope they have something out there in place of it cuz taking care of my kids is my everything and i ' m all they have . i ' d love to have at least less pain in doing so w / out being drop dead tired ! it was just too dangerous ! it ' s not worth having no pain for their lives when i have to drive !! btw , the epilepsy is controlled , thank goodness ! oh , and at night , i ' d find myself standing up out of bed or sitting up sleeping !! creepy ! i ' d wake up sitting up or standing next to my bed ! boy was i really freaked out ! i am on other meds . i still have to talk to the pharmacy & dr . it may be that or just an adverse reaction . not sure . i already asked b4 i even took it if it wud interact w / any of my meds tho . they said no . yet , they didn ' t look it up to be sure either . go figure . can ' t trust everyone ! i hope this helps someone out there . even tho it may be a long review , i had plenty to say about my odd experience w / this rx . thank u out there and whoever u may be , if u have pain I was treated with root canal / abcess , and given rx for this and allowed to take pre - existing penicillin ( referring dentist preser .). I started this one yesterday evening , and I can ' t take it anymore . Strong acid , nausea , and I did notice some itching starting last night . The endodontist said it can cause GI problems Zoloft is , hands down , the best all - inclusive antidepressant . I had results almost immediately . It made me able to get out , eased social anxiety , panic , depression , and OCD . Unlike other siris / siris , Zoloft does not make me tired 